                                     CAEPR Working Paper
                                         #2012-003




Pitfalls in Backtesting Historical Simulation VaR Models

                             Juan Carlos Escanciano
                                    Indiana University

                                           Pei Pei
         Indiana University and Chinese Academy of Finance and
        Development, Central University of Finance and Economics

                                     February 21, 2012




This paper can be downloaded without charge from the Social Science Research Network
electronic library at: http://ssrn.com/abstract=2026537.

The Center for Applied Economics and Policy Research resides in the Department of Economics
at Indiana University Bloomington. CAEPR can be found on the Internet at:
http://www.indiana.edu/~caepr. CAEPR can be reached via email at caepr@indiana.edu or
via phone at 812-855-4050.

©2012 by Juan Carlos Escanciano and Pei Pei. All rights reserved. Short sections of text, not to
exceed two paragraphs, may be quoted without explicit permission provided that full credit,
including © notice, is given to the source.
     PITFALLS IN BACKTESTING
HISTORICAL SIMULATION VaR MODELS
                        Juan Carlos Escanciano∗                   Pei, Pei†

               First draft: October 2010. This draft: February 2012



                                             Abstract

          Historical Simulation (HS) and its variant, the Filtered Historical Simulation (FHS),
      are the most widely used Value-at-Risk forecast methods at commercial banks. These
      forecast methods are traditionally evaluated by means of the unconditional backtest.
      This paper formally shows that the unconditional backtest is always inconsistent for
      backtesting HS and FHS models, with a power function that can be even smaller than
      the nominal level in large samples. Our findings have fundamental implications in
      the determination of market risk capital requirements, and also explain Monte Carlo
      and empirical findings in previous studies. We also propose a data-driven weighted
      backtest with good power properties to evaluate HS and FHS forecasts. Finally, our
      theoretical findings are confirmed in a Monte Carlo simulation study and an empirical
      application with three U.S. stocks. The empirical application shows that multiplication
      factors computed under the current regulatory framework are downward biased, as they
      inherit the inconsistency of the unconditional backtest.

      JEL classification: C52; C32; G21; G32
      Keywords: Backtesting; Basel Accord; Risk management; Value at Risk; Conditional
         quantile; Market Risk Capital requirements.




  ∗
     Department of Economics, Indiana University, 105 Wylie Hall, 100 South Woodlawn Avenue, Bloom-
ington, IN 47405–7104, USA. E-mail: jescanci@indiana.edu. Web Page: http://mypage.iu.edu/˜jescanci/
Research funded by the Spanish Plan Nacional de I+D+I, reference number SEJ2007-62908.
   †
     Department of Economics, Indiana University and Chinese Academy of Finance and Development, Cen-
tral University of Finance and Economics. E-mail: peipei@indiana.edu.


                                                 1
1     Introduction

Value-at-Risk (VaR) has become the standard tool for measuring market risk used by finan-
cial institutions and their regulators. VaR is defined as the maximum expected loss on an
investment over a specified horizon at a particular confidence level; see Jorion (2006). VaR
summarizes market risk into a single number which, in statistical terms, is a quantile of
the conditional distribution of portfolio returns given investor’s information set. Ever since
the 1996 Amendment of the Basel Accord (see Basel Committee on Banking Supervision,
1996a and 1996b), VaR not only offers a measure of market risk, but it also forms the basis
for the determination of market risk capital. Obviously, the foremost concern of VaR users
is to forecast VaRs accurately in order to guide their decisions. According to a recent in-
ternational survey by Pérignon and Smith (2010), the Historical Simulation (HS) forecast
model and its variant, the Filtered HS (FHS), are the most currently used methods at com-
mercial banks.1 These methods use unconditional quantiles of raw data and standardized
innovations, respectively, to forecast conditional quantiles of portfolio returns.
    Within the framework of the Basel Accord, besides the VaR forecasts, other crucial
ingredients in determining market risk capital requirements are the forecast evaluation or
backtesting procedure and the multiplication factors based on the outcomes of the backtesting
procedure.2 Therefore, backtesting, as a forecast evaluation method of a VaR model, is of
vital importance for financial institutions and their regulators. There are several backtesting
methods available. Among the most popular methods are the unconditional coverage test of
Kupiec (1995, henceforth K-test), the conditional backtest of Christoffersen (1998, henceforth
C-test), the CAViaR test of Engle and Manganelli (2004), the duration-based approach of
Christoffersen and Pelletier (2004) and the density forecast evaluation approach of Berkowitz
(2001). For an excellent review of these methods see Berkowitz, Christoffersen and Pelletier
   1
     These authors find that 73% of the banks that disclose their VaR methodology in their 2005 annual
reports use HS or related techniques.
   2
     Currently, stressed VaR is also incorporated into the calculation of capital requirements, see Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision (2011).



                                                   2
(2011). Arguably, the unconditional coverage test is the most widely employed backtesting
procedure given its simplicity and also the one implicitly incorporated in the Basel Accord for
determining market risk capital requirements (see Basel Committee on Banking Supervision,
1996b). It simply computes the frequency of the ex-post trading outcomes that are less than
or equal to the ex-ante VaR forecasts, and compares this frequency with the specified VaR
level, e.g., 1%. Large differences between the empirical frequency and the theoretical VaR
level indicates that, on average, the forecasts are not optimal.3
    This paper draws on the observation that the most widely used VaR models, HS or FHS
models, are commonly evaluated with the K-test, and it formally shows that this combination
is highly misleading. We prove that the K-test is always inconsistent in detecting non-optimal
HS or FHS forecasts. That is, the rejection probability of the K-test does not converge to
one as the sample size increases for non-optimal forecasts. This theoretical finding explains
the low power associated with the K-test in simulations carried out in the literature, see
e.g., Kupiec (1995), Pritsker (2006) and Pérignon and Smith (2008), among many others.
For instance, Pritsker (2006) provides Monte Carlo evidence on the low power of the K-
test for detecting lack of optimality of HS models in generalized autoregressive conditional
heteroscedastic (GARCH) models. Based on simulations, he concludes that the K-test is not
useful in detecting some deficiencies of HS models.4 We remark that we do not address in
this paper the evaluation of HS or FHS VaR models, which has been already investigated
in Pritsker (2006), but rather the evaluation of the backtesting methods commonly used
for assessing optimality of HS and FHS forecasts. Our results do provide a theoretical
explanation for the aforementioned Monte Carlo findings.
    As an alternative to the K-test we propose a new data-driven weighted backtest with
good power properties for detecting lack of optimality of HS and FHS models. The new test
statistic combines a well-known test, the independence test of Christoffersen (1998), with
    3
      As is standard in the VaR literature, optimality is with respect to the “tick” loss function; see next
section for a formal definition of optimal forecast.
    4
      Pritsker (2006) shows theoretically that HS models are both under-responsive to changes in conditional
risk, and respond to changes in risk in an asymmetric fashion.


                                                     3
an adaptive backtest using a nonparametric weight. This combination results in a test with
good power performance as demonstrated in our Monte Carlo simulations and empirical
application, since the two test statistics provide asymptotically independent information.
The proposed test statistic is our preferred choice within a general class of weighted backtests
discussed in the paper. We also show that this class contains many of the existing traditional
backtests, and that within this class, our preferred choice possesses some optimal power
properties for assessing optimality of HS and FHS forecasts.
   As mentioned earlier, an important implication of backtesting results is the determination
of the multiplication factors for market risk capital requirements. Our theoretical results
imply that computing the multiplication factors based on the K-test, as suggested by the
current regulatory framework, is highly misleading for HS and FHS models, because the lack
of power of the K-test will result in underestimated multiplication factors, and then, in likely
insufficient market risk capital reserves. An empirical application to U.S. stocks highlights
this important implication of our theoretical results. To the best of our knowledge, this is
the first paper that shows theoretically the important limitation of backtesting methods for
HS and FHS models, and their implications on market risk capital requirements.
   The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Section 2 describes the forecast
evaluation problem from a decision point of view and shows the inconsistency of the K-test
for HS and FHS models. In Section 3 we propose a large class of weighted backtesting
methods and a data-driven test within the class, which we term D-test, and we establish
the asymptotic distribution theory for them. The finite-sample performances of the K-
test, C-test and D-test for backtesting HS and FHS models are investigated using Monte
Carlo methods in Section 4. Section 5 analyzes, in an application to several portfolios
of U.S stock data, the testing results for the optimality of HS and FHS forecasts and the
corresponding implications on the determination of the multiplication factors for market risk
capital requirements. Our application illustrates the lack of power of the commonly used
backtesting methods and the ability of the new backtesting method to uncover suboptimal


                                               4
VaR forecasts from HS and FHS models. Finally, section 6 concludes. Mathematical proofs
are gathered in the Appendices at the end of the paper.



2     Backtesting Historical Simulation Models

In this section, we introduce the forecast evaluation problem for VaR models, and we prove
the inconsistency of the K-test in testing optimality of HS and FHS forecasts. We denote
the real-valued time series of portfolio returns or Profit and Loss (P&L) account by Yt , and
assume that at time t − 1 the bank’s information set is given by It−1 , which contains past
values of Yt and other relevant economic and financial variables. We assume that VaR users
face the following decision problem: with the information available at time t − 1, they aim
to find a measurable function q ∗ (It−1 ) minimizing the conditional expected asymmetric or
“tick” loss function, that is


                          q ∗ (It−1 ) := arg min E [Lα (Yt , q(It−1 )) | It−1 ] ,             (1)
                                              q



where Lα (Yt , q(It−1 )) := {α − 1(Yt ≤ q(It−1 ))} (Yt − q(It−1 )) and 1(A) is the indicator func-
tion of the event A, that is, 1(A) = 1 if A occurs and 0 otherwise. The symbol := denotes
definition. Henceforth, an optimal forecast according to this loss function is simply called
optimal (see e.g., Christoffersen, 1998).
    It is well-known that, provided the conditional distribution of Yt given It−1 is continuous,
the optimal forecast q ∗ (It−1 ) in (1) is the α-th conditional quantile (i.e., VaR) of Yt given
It−1 , say qα (It−1 ), which is implicitly defined by the restriction


             P (Yt ≤ qα (It−1 ) | It−1 ) = α, almost surely (a.s.), α ∈ (0, 1), ∀t ∈ Z.       (2)


A common approach in empirical work is to assume a parametric VaR model for qα (It−1 ),
say M = {mα (It−1 , θ) : θ ∈ Θ ⊂ Rp }, and to proceed to make VaR forecasts using the model


                                                    5
M. In parametric models the unknown parameter θ0 belongs to a suitable parameter space
Θ ⊂ Rp . The literature on parametric VaR modeling has been advancing rapidly, see e.g.,
Engle and Manganelli (2004), Koenker and Xiao (2006) and Gourieroux and Jasiak (2006),
among many others.5
       The preferred model by financial institutions is the HS model or its variant, the FHS,
see Barone-Adesi et al. (1998, 1999) and Barone-Adesi and Giannopoulos (2002). The HS
model specifies a time-constant VaR model


                                      mα (It−1 , θ0 ) = θ0 ≡ FY−1 (α),                                    (3)


where, henceforth, for a generic strictly stationary sequence {Zt }t∈Z , FZ−1 (α) denotes the
unconditional quantile function of Zt evaluated at α, i.e., FZ−1 (α) := inf{z ∈ R : FZ (z) ≥
α}, where FZ (·) is the cumulative distribution function (cdf) of Zt . The main assumption
underlying HS is the time-invariant conditional variance of returns, which is an unrealistic
assumption and always empirically rejected.
       In contrast, the FHS assumes an underlying time-variant location-scale structure, and
hence it specifies a time-varying VaR model


                mα (It−1 , θ0 ) = µ(It−1 , β0 ) + σ(It−1 , β0 )Fε−1 (α), θ0 = (β0 , Fε−1 (α)),            (4)


where µt ≡ µ(It−1 , β0 ) and σt ≡ σ(It−1 , β0 ) are the conditional mean and standard deviation
of Yt given It−1 , respectively, and the standardized innovations {εt := (Yt − µt )/σt }t∈Z are
assumed to be independent and identically distributed (i.i.d.), and independent of It−1 . The
unknown parameter θ0 comprises β0 and Fε−1 (α), which are the conditional mean and stan-
dard deviation model parameter and the α-th unconditional quantile of the standardized
   5
    The reader should not be confused with a fully parametric approach in which the whole conditional
distribution of Yt given It−1 is specified. We do not need such full parametric specification in VaR analysis,
since our concern is just on the conditional quantile function at a particular quantile level α. In this sense
and in the statistical jargon the specified conditional distribution is semiparametric.




                                                      6
innovations, respectively. Among the most common models for µt and σt are the autoregres-
sive moving average (ARMA) and GARCH models, respectively, see Berkowitz and O’Brien
(2002) for motivation of this specification in financial risk management.6 For a review of
ARMA and GARCH models see e.g., Li, Ling and McAleer (2002).
    Once a VaR model has been specified for forecasting, a natural testing problem is to
evaluate the optimality of the resulting VaR forecasts. This is the so-called backtesting
procedure for VaR models. That is, we aim to test for the null hypothesis


                                H0 : mα (It−1 , θ0 ) is an optimal forecast,


against the alternative hypothesis, say HA , that mα (It−1 , θ0 ) is not optimal. From our
previous discussion, the null entails that mα (It−1 , θ0 ) is a correctly specified VaR model,
mα (It−1 , θ0 ) = qα (It−1 ) a.s.. In this paper we are concerned with tests for H0 when mα (It−1 , θ0 )
is given by a HS or FHS model in (3) or (4), respectively.
    A necessary condition for an optimal forecast is that it is unbiased, i.e., (2) implies that


                                              E[ht,α (θ0 )] = α,


where ht,α (θ0 ) := 1(Yt ≤ mα (It−1 , θ0 )) is the so-called hit. This implication suggests a test
for H0 based on rejecting for large absolute values of

                                                            n
                                               1 X
                              KP ≡ K(P, R) := √         [ht,α (θ0 ) − α] ,
                                                P t=R+1

where P and R are the out-of-sample and in-sample sample sizes, respectively, and n :=
P + R. This is the so-called unconditional backtest (Kupiec, 1995), in short K-test. The
K-test is the reference backtest in the banking industry and the academia. Escanciano and
   6
     For example, the AR(1)-GARCH(1,1) model is one of the popular specifications for financial data,
where µ(It−1 , β0 ) = µ00 Yt−1 and σ(It−1 , β0 ) = ω00 + ω01 (Yt−1 − µ00 Yt−2 )2 + ω02 σ 2 (It−2 , β0 ) with β0 =
(µ00 , ω00 , ω01 , ω02 )0 , |µ00 | < 1, ω00 > 0, ω01 ≥ 0, ω02 ≥ 0 and ω01 + ω02 < 1.



                                                       7
Olmo (2010) has extended the K-test to a situation where the parameter θ0 is unknown
and estimated. Our main result formally shows that the K-test and its generalization to
estimated parameter are inconsistent in detecting non-optimal forecasts from HS or FHS
models. Intuitively, the test statistic KP will remain “small” under the lack of forecast
optimality for HS or FHS models, as the corresponding hit sequence has a mean equal to α
under the alternative hypothesis. This intuition is formalized below in our Theorem 1.
                                                                            p
   Under appropriate regularity conditions and the null hypothesis, KP / α(1 − α) con-
verges to a standard normal random variable, see Kupiec (1995). The asymptotic power
function of Kupiec’s two sided test at τ % nominal level is then defined as
                                                                             !
                                                 KP
                    Π(τ, α) := lim Pr      p         > z1−τ /2 | HA               ,
                               P →∞         α(1 − α)

where zτ is the corresponding τ -quantile from the standard normal distribution. That is,
Π(τ, α) is the limit probability of rejecting optimality of HS or FHS forecasts when in fact
they are not optimal. It will be shown that the asymptotic power function depends on the
long-run variance

                                           ∞
                                           X
                       2
                      σK := α(1 − α) + 2         Cov (ht,α (θ0 ), ht−j,α (θ0 ))
                                           j=1

                          := α(1 − α) + 2σhK ,


which is finite under Assumption A1 in Appendix A. The following Theorem shows the
inconsistency of the K-test. Let Φ be the cdf of the standard normal random variable.

Theorem 1: Assume that mα (It−1 , θ0 ) is given by a HS or FHS model, and let Assumption
A1 in Appendix A hold. Then,

                                                     p              !
                                                         α(1 − α)
                             Π(τ, α) = 2Φ zτ /2                         .
                                                          σK



                                                 8
A consequence of Theorem 1 is that the K-test is inconsistent, that is, Π(τ, α) < 1. The
                                                                                        2
magnitude of the power function depends on the relative size of the long-run variance, σK ,
                                                2
and the asymptotic null variance, α(1 − α). If σK < α(1 − α), or equivalently σhK < 0, the
power function is smaller than the nominal level τ, otherwise it is larger than τ . Empirically,
σhK > 0 is more consistent with actual financial data due to the well-known property of
clustering of extremes. Therefore, our theoretical results suggest that the K-test will have
low power, but still larger than the nominal level for large sample sizes. Also, note that
the larger σhK , the higher the power of the K-test. Thus, the inconsistency of the K-test is
less problematic in periods of high persistence in the (left) tail dependence (e.g. during a
financial crisis).
   Theorem 1 is proved under a mixing condition, see Assumption A1 in Appendix A. We
remark, however, that any other weak dependence concept leading to a Central Limit Theo-
rem (CLT) for the K-test under the alternative hypothesis could be used here. Particularly
                                                                            √
in the extreme case of σhK = ∞, the CLT does not hold (at the usual rate of P ), and the
K-test diverges to infinity under the alternative hypothesis. Thus, the assumption σhK < ∞
is neccesary and sufficient for the inconsistency of the K-test. Strictly speaking, Theorem
1 is not applicable when σhK = ∞, but it still provides useful information and explains
simulations results obtained with models such as the JP Morgan’s (1996) RiskMetric model,
see our simulations below.
   Theorem 1 sheds light on simulations and applications carried out in the literature.
We remark on some conclusions that the literature has drawn from simulations. First,
our Theorem 1 shows that the low power of the K-test cannot be in general improved by
considering small VaR confidence levels 1−α, large sample sizes P or different approximations
to its finite-sample distributions, e.g., bootstrap. Second, the lack of power affects both HS
and FHS models. Third, Theorem 1 also holds when θ0 is estimated. Most Monte Carlo
studies in the literature have evaluated the performance of the classical K-test in a setting
where θ0 is estimated and P/R is moderate or large. As shown in Escanciano and Olmo


                                               9
(2010), these existing Monte Carlo results have to be taken with caution, since the asymptotic
                 p
variance of KP / α(1 − α) evaluated at the estimated θ0 is not one unless P/R converges to
zero. Hence, it is of fundamental importance to control the Type-I error, i.e., the probability
of rejecting an optimal forecast, before evaluating the power performance of the K-test. This
is done by replacing the critical value z1−τ /2 by an appropriate one, so that under the null
the rejection probability of the test is τ , see Escanciano and Olmo (2010) for details. With
the suitable choice of the critical value, the same conclusion of Theorem 1 holds when θ0 is
estimated.



3     A Class of Weighted Backtesting Procedures

Motivated by the lack of power of the K-test, we propose a general class of weighted back-
testing procedures based on the test statistic

                                           n
                                     1     X
                         KP,w := p            w(It−1 )(ht,α (θbt−1 ) − α),                     (5)
                                  B̂w P t=R+1

                    Pn
where B̂w := P −1            2                                             2
                      t=R+1 w (It−1 ) is a consistent estimate of Bw := E[w (It−1 )], θt−1 is an
                                                                                      b

estimator for θ0 , see examples below, and w(It−1 ) is a bounded, non-zero weight function,
whose choice will be based on power considerations of the resulting test, see our discussion
after Theorem 2. First, we will develop the asymptotic theory of KP,w for a generic w. Large
absolute values of KP,w will indicate non-optimality of the forecasts. Note that the K-test
statistic corresponds to the choice w(It−1 ) ≡ 1.
    For the sake of completeness we discuss the asymptotic distribution theory under three
different forecasting schemes, namely, the recursive, rolling and fixed forecasting schemes.
They differ in how the parameter θ0 of the HS or FHS model is estimated. In the recursive
scheme, the estimator θbt is computed with all the sample available up to time t. In the rolling
scheme, only the last R values of the series are used to estimate θbt , that is, θbt is constructed
from the sample at periods s = t − R + 1, ..., t. Finally, in the fixed scheme, the parameter

                                                10
is not updated when new observations become available, i.e., θbt = θbR , for all t, R ≤ t ≤ n.
   Examples of estimate θbt for HS and FHS models are as follows. In the HS model, the
                                                                  −1                   −1
natural estimate of θ0 is the empirical quantile estimator θbt = F1,t−1,Y (α), θbt = Ft−R,t−1,Y (α)
           −1
and θbt = F1,R,Y (α) for the recursive, rolling and fixed forecasting schemes, respectively, where
  −1                                                                                 −1
Fr,s,Y (α) denotes the α-th empirical quantile function of {Yt }st=r , r < s, i.e., Fr,s,Y (α) :=
inf{z ∈ R : Fr,s,Y (z) ≥ α} with the empirical cdf Fr,s,Y (z) := (s − r + 1)−1 st=r 1{Yt ≤ z}.
                                                                               P

For example, if R = 100 and α = 5%, then θbt under the fixed forecasting scheme is simply
the 5th order statistic of the sample {Yt }R
                                           t=1 .

   In the FHS model, the parameter β0 is usually estimated by the Quasi-Maximum Like-
lihood Estimator (QMLE) that is routinely used for estimating GARCH models, say βbt , see
(A.2), and estimators for Fε−1 (α) are constructed as for the HS but replacing {Yt }st=r by
           εt }st=r , r < s, where
residuals {b

                                         Yt − µ(It−1 , βbt )
                                εbt :=                       , t = 1, ..., n.
                                            σ(It−1 , βbt )

Now we establish the asymptotic theory of KP,w for HS and FHS models.
Theorem 2: Let Assumptions A1-A5 in Appendix A hold . Then, for HS and FHS models:

                           d
  (i) Under H0 , KP,w −→ N (0, α(1 − α)).

                              P                             √
 (ii) Under HA , P −1/2 KP,w −→ E[w(It−1 )(ht,α (θ0 ) − α)]/ Bw .

Theorem 2 establishes the asymptotic null distribution of KP,w and also shows the probability
limit of P −1/2 KP,w under HA for both HS and FHS models. Notice that under HA , if
E[w(It−1 )(ht,α (θ0 ) − α)] 6= 0, KP,w will diverge to ±∞, and the test based on KP,w will be
consistent. On the contrary, if E[w(It−1 )(ht,α (θ0 ) − α)] = 0, then the test based on KP,w will
be inconsistent, and an analogous result to Theorem 1 will hold.
   Assumptions A1-A5 required in Theorem 2 are standard in the financial econometrics lit-
erature, see Appendix A for detailed explanations. Here we particularly remark on Assump-
tion A4, which requires that π := limn→∞ P/R = 0. This is an assumption systematically

                                                     11
employed in the literature, see e.g., Engle and Manganelli (2004), with the only exception of
Escanciano and Olmo (2010, 2011) that concentrate on π > 0. The motivation for the latter
was that financial institutions often choose R = P = 250. However, there are three important
reasons to maintain the assumption π = 0 in our context. First, with the assumption π = 0,
an in-sample size R that is much larger than 250 could be used, which guarantees a good
precision of the extreme quantile estimators used in VaR inferences. Note that long spans
of in-sample historical data are available in practice for VaR analysis carried out on a daily
basis. Second, it is convenient to assume π = 0, as it substantially simplifies the asymptotic
null variance of the test (cf. Escanciano and Olmo, 2011). Therefore, from a practical point
of view, assuming π = 0 is highly desirable for VaR inferences to be simple and meaningful
at low quantile levels such as 5% or 1%. Our simulations also show that a choice of π of 0.1,
e.g. (R, P ) = (2500, 250), provides satisfactory finite sample performances of our proposed
test. Finally, we stress that the choice of π is irrelevant to the main theoretical findings on
the inconsistency of the K-test.
   Now we investigate how to choose the weight function w in KP,w . The choice of w can be
based on computational convenience and/or power considerations of the resulting test. It is
interesting to notice that the class of weighted backtests we propose includes as particular
cases traditional tests such as the test of independence of Christoffersen (1998), and its
extensions to higher order autocorrelations (see Berkowitz, Christoffersen and Pelletier, 2011)
by allowing for multivariate weights. To see this, take


                        w(It−1 ) ≡ waj (It−1 ) := ht−j,α (θ0 ) − α, j ≥ 1,


and note that


                E[waj (It−1 )(ht,α (θ0 ) − α)] = Cov(ht−j,α (θ0 ), ht,α (θ0 )), j ≥ 1,


which is the j−th order autocovariance of the hit sequence. Tests based on autocorrelations


                                                 12
of {ht,α (θ0 )} are computationally convenient. The power properties of the resulting tests
depend on whether E[waj (It−1 )(ht,α (θ0 ) − α)] is zero or not under the alternative. Given the
well-known clustering effect of financial data we expect tests based on autocorrelations to
be powerful in detecting non-optimal forecasts of the HS model. However, for FHS,


        E[waj (It−1 )(ht,α (θ0 ) − α)] = Cov(1(εt−j ≤ Fε−1 (α)), 1(εt ≤ Fε−1 (α)), j ≥ 1,   (6)


so in this case the consistency of tests based on autocorrelations will depend on the depen-
dence in the pseudo-innovations (here εt is the probabilistic limit of εt (βbt ) as n → ∞) at
the left tail. Our simulations suggest that (6) was “small” for various commonly used data
generating processes, leading to low power for autocorrelation-based tests.
   Therefore, the above theoretical results suggest that the choice of w has an influential
effect on the power properties of the resulting test. A natural question arises: does there
exist a choice of w that leads to a test with omnibus power properties? We address this
question in the next section.


3.1    A Powerful Data-Driven Weighted Backtest

In order to construct a powerful backtest, we must choose w such E[w(It−1 )(ht,α (θ0 ) − α)] is
non-zero under the alternative (see Theorem 2). The following Lemma shows that there
exists a choice of w that guarantees consistency of the test based on KP,w . Let FIt−1 (·)
denote the conditional distribution of Yt given It−1 .

Lemma 1: Let the assumptions of Theorem 2 hold. Then, with w∗ (It−1 ) := FIt−1 (mα (It−1 , θ0 )),
the test based on KP,w∗ is consistent.

Lemma 1 shows that our class of weighted backtests includes a consistent test. However,
w∗ (It−1 ) = FIt−1 (mα (It−1 , θ0 )) is in general unknown, and its nonparametric estimation is
generally complicated because w∗ will in general depend on the infinite-dimensional infor-
mation set It−1 . If a nonparametric approach is entertained, we suggest to reduce the

                                               13
dimensionality of the problem and consider the choice


                                w1∗ (Yt−1 ) = FYt−1 (mα (It−1 , θ0 )),                        (7)


where FYt−1 (·) denotes the conditional distribution of Yt given Yt−1 . The resulting test
will be consistent against the class of alternatives where FYt−1 (mα (It−1 , θ0 )) 6= α. This
represents a large class of alternatives, while the so-called curse of dimensionality problem
of nonparametric estimation is avoided. Hence, the proposed approach seems to be a good
compromise between feasibility and power.
   To estimate w1∗ in (7) nonparametrically, note that


                           w1∗ (Yt−1 ) = E[ht,α (θ0 )|Yt−1 = y]

                                     = E[ht,α (θ0 )|FY (Yt−1 ) = FY (y)]

                                     := E[ht,α (θ0 )|Ut−1 = FY (y)],


where the conditioning variable Yt−1 is normalized by taking an integral transformation,
provided that FY is strictly increasing. That is, we define

                                                                  n
                                                              1X
                Ut := FY (Yt ) and Un,t−1 := Fn (Yt−1 ) :=          1{Ys−1 ≤ Yt−1 },          (8)
                                                              n s=1

where the empirical cdf Fn is implicitly defined. Note that Ut is uniformly distributed over
the interval [0, 1]. There are many nonparametric estimators available for the regression
function w1∗ , see Li and Racine (2007). The popular kernel estimator is not recommended in
our current setting, as it is known to be inaccurate at the tails of the conditional distribution.
For our particular situation, one appealing estimator for w1∗ is a global estimator obtained
by series methods.
   We introduce the series estimator for w1∗ as follows. First, we consider a vector of series




                                                 14
base functions:
                            pS (u) := (p0 (u), · · ·, pS (u))0 , u ∈ [0, 1], S ≥ 1,               (9)

where p0 (u) ≡ 1 and pS (u) is a truncation of an orthogonal polynomial sequence {pS (u)}∞
                                                                                         S=0 .

Using these base functions, we approximate the regression function g(u) := E[ht,α (θ0 )|Ut−1 =
u] by pS (u)0 γ with an appropriate vector γ. The parameter γ can be estimated by the
                                                  h                             i0
ordinary least squares (OLS) regression of Hn,α := h1,α (θbn ), ..., hn,α (θbn ) on Pn := [pS (Un,0 ),
..., pS (Un,n−1 )]0 . We define the series estimator for g(u) as


                                              ĝ(u) := pS (u)0 γn ,                              (10)


where γn = [Pn0 Pn ]−1 Pn0 Hn,α is the OLS estimator for γ. Then, the final estimator for
w1∗ (Yt−1 ) is
                                  ŵ1∗ (Yt−1 ) := ĝ(Fn (Yt−1 )), 1 ≤ t ≤ n.                     (11)

Note that Ŵ1∗ := (ŵ1∗ (Y0 ), ..., ŵ1∗ (Yn−1 ))0 are simply the fitted values of an OLS regression,
that is, Ŵ1∗ = Pn [Pn0 Pn ]−1 Pn0 Hn,α . Then, we construct the weighted test statistic

                                                  n
                                          1       X
                        KP,wb1∗ := q                     ŵ1∗ (Yt−1 )(ht,α (θbt−1 ) − α),        (12)
                                        B̂ŵ1∗ P t=R+1

                       Pn                  2
where B̂ŵ1∗ := P −1             ∗
                        t=R+1 [ŵ1 (Yt−1 )] . Note that KP,w
                                                           b1∗ will depend on the number of com-

                                  b1∗ , so we make this dependence explicit and write KP,wb1∗ (S).
ponents S in the series estimator w
Next, we address the challenging and important practical issue of “bandwidth” choice of S
for testing purposes. Let Smax denote an upper bound for S, and γn = (γn0 , ..., γnSmax )0 the
corresponding vector of OLS estimates. Note that under the null FYt−1 (mα (It−1 , θ0 )) = α,
hence the coefficients γn1 , ..., γnSmax are expected to be close to zero, but significantly different
from zero under the alternative if Smax is sufficiently large.




                                                       15
   Then, we construct an aggregate measure of significance as

                                                S
                                                X
                                                  2
                                          QS = n γnj ,
                                                       j=1


and choose S ∗ such that


                    S ∗ = min{S : 1 ≤ S ≤ Smax ; LS ≥ Lh , h = 1, 2, ..., Smax }


where LS = QS −S log n. The aggregate measure of significance QS is constructed as the sum
of the squares of the normalized estimated coefficients of the series estimator, similar to Ney-
man’s (1937) smooth test. Here, we follow Ledwina (1994) and employ the Schwarz’s (1978)
Bayesian Information Criterion (BIC) to select the number of component S ∗ . Therefore, the
selection of the number of components S in the series estimator is fully data-driven.
   Our final recommended test combines the nonparametric weighted backtest with the test
of independence of Christoffersen (1998). That is, we define

                                                    2
                                      KP,wb1∗ (S ∗ ) + (KP,wba1 )2
                                Dn :=                              ,
                                               α(1 − α)

where w
      ba1 := ht−1,α (θbt−2 )−α. We call the new test based on Dn the D-test, as it is fully Data-
Driven. The motivation for this combination is that the two test statistics KP,wb1∗ (S ∗ ) and
KP,wba1 are asymptotically independent under the null, so they provide independent pieces
of information. In our simulations, we show that the D-test has good finite-sample size and
power properties.
   To investigate the consistency properties of Dn , we introduce a sequence of coordinates
{γj }∞                               ∗
     j=0 in the series expansion of w1 (·),


                                                 ∞
                                                 X
                                 w1∗ (Yt−1 ) =         γj pj (FY (Yt−1 )),
                                                 j=0




                                                   16
where γj = E[ht,α (θ0 )pj (FY (Yt−1 ))], j ∈ Z, γ0 = α and p0 (FY (Yt−1 )) ≡ 1. Our next result
establishes the limiting distribution of Dn .

Theorem 3: Let Assumptions 1-6 in Appendix A hold . Then, for HS and FHS models:


    (i) Under H0 ,
                                                      d
                                                Dn −→ χ22 ,

        where χ22 is the chi-squared random variable with two degrees of freedom.

 (ii) Under HA , Dn −→ +∞, provided γj 6= 0 for some 0 < j ≤ Smax .


The proposed data-driven test rejects H0 if Dn > χ22,1−τ , where χ22,1−τ denotes the (1 − τ )-th
quantile of the chi-squared distribution with two degrees of freedom. The assumption for
consistency is quite general, as there is always such j when Smax is sufficiently large, as
long as FYt−1 (mα (It−1 , θ0 )) 6= α. Allowing Smax → ∞ with the sample size will lead to a
consistent test for any alternative for which FYt−1 (mα (It−1 , θ0 )) 6= α. In finite samples, Smax
is always finite, so for all practical matters a theory with finite Smax suffices. Unreported
simulations suggest that the test is not sensitive to Smax , as long as it is moderate relative
                                                                        
to the sample size P . A rule of thumb that we choose is Smax = P 2/5 , where [·] represents
the integer part, which seems to work well with the data generating processes considered in
the simulations.



4      Monte Carlo Experiments

In this section, the traditional unconditional backtest of Kupiec (K-test), the conditional
backtest of Christoffersen (C-test) and the proposed new data-driven test (D-test) are com-
pared in a set of Monte Carlo experiments. As Theorem 1 proves, the K-test is inconsistent
for evaluating optimality of the HS or FHS model forecasts. Therefore, the K-test is ex-
pected to have poor power in finite samples. To see the impact of the data-driven selection


                                                 17
 of S ∗ on Dn , we also compare the finite sample performances of the proposed data-driven
 D-test with the corresponding one using S = 5 (denoted as D5). To implement our test, we
 employ a power series estimator using the Legendre polynomials defined on the unit interval
 (after taking the integral transform of Yt−1 ) to estimate the nonparametric weights w1∗ .7 The
 upper bound for the number of the base functions included in the series estimator is set to
 be Smax = 9.
        Under the null hypothesis, the data generating process (DGP) for the HS model is Yt = εt ,
 where {εt }nt=1 are independent and identically distributed (i.i.d.) standard normal, in short
 εt ∼ i.i.d.N (0, 1), denoted as A0HS . For the FHS model, we define the null model as a
 GARCH(1,1) model, denoted as A0F HS :


                                Yt = σt εt , σt2 = 0.05 + 0.1Yt−1
                                                               2         2
                                                                  + 0.85σt−1 ,


 where {εt } are i.i.d. standardized student-t disturbances with ν = 5 degrees of freedom. The
 GARCH(1,1) model is the most widely used specification for daily financial data, see e.g.,
 Andersen et. al. (2006). Additionally, the parameter values we choose represent typical
 parameter values in empirical applications. To investigate power performances, we choose
 the following alternatives:

ALT1: RiskMetrics model: Yt = σt εt , σt2 = 0.06Yt−1
                                                  2         2
                                                     + 0.94σt−1 .

ALT2: AR(1)-GARCH(1,1) model: Yt = 0.3Yt−1 +ut , ut = σt εt , σt2 = 0.05+0.1u2t−1 +0.85σt−1
                                                                                        2
                                                                                            .

ALT3: EGARCH(1,1) model: Yt = ht εt , ln h2t = 0.01 + 0.9 ln h2t−1 + 0.3(|εt−1 | − (2/π)1/2 ) −
          0.8εt−1 .

ALT4: TAR model: Yt = at Yt−1 + εt , at = 0.7 · 1(εt−1 < −0.5) − 0.7 · 1(εt−1 ≥ 0.5).
    7
        The Legendre polynomials ps (u) are defined as

                                                      1 ds h 2    s i
                                           ps (u) =          u − u     ,
                                                      s! dus
 where s is a nonnegative integer and u ∈ [0, 1]. The first few Legendre polynomials are p0 (u) = 1, p1 (u) =
 2u − 1, p2 (u) = 6u2 − 6u + 1, and p3 (u) = 20u3 − 30u2 + 12u − 1.


                                                         18
ALT5: Bilinear model (BIL): Yt = 0.7Yt−1 εt−1 + εt .

                                                                     2
ALT6: Exponential Autoregressive model (EXP): Yt = 0.6Yt−1 exp(−0.5Yt−1 ) + εt .

ALT7: AR(1)-GARCH(1,1) model with Hansen’s (1994) skewed t innovations denoted by εt ∼
       GT (·|ηt , λt ) (AR-GARCH-GT):


                     Yt = 0.5Yt−1 + vt ,     vt = σt εt ,                                      (13)

                    σt2 = 0.025 + 0.25vt−1
                                       2         2
                                           + 0.5σt−1 ,

                     εt ∼ GT (·|ηt , λt ),   ηt = g(2.1,30) (e
                                                             ηt ),   λt = g(−0.9,0.9) (λ
                                                                                       et ),

                                               2                                        2
                     ηet = −1 − 0.5Yt−1 − 0.1Yt−1 ,         λt = −0.1 − 0.15Yt−1 − 0.1Yt−1
                                                            e                              ,


       where g is the logistic function, i.e., g(L,U ) (x) = L + (U − L)/(1 + exp(−x)).


 In models ALT1-ALT6, εt ∼ i.i.d.N (0, 1). Model ALT1 is the JP Morgan’s (1996) RiskMetric
 model. Model ALT3-ALT5 are studied in Escanciano and Olmo (2010). Model ALT6 is a
 standard nonlinear model and model ALT7 is from Hansen (1994).
     For all the tests implemented the nominal level is fixed at 5%, the asymptotic critical
 values are used, and the rejection rates are calculated over 1000 Monte Carlo trials. We
 consider two VaR levels, α = 5% and 1%, respectively. For simplicity, we employ the fixed
 forecast scheme for both the HS and FHS models. In the simulations we consider two different
 combinations of the in-sample and out-of-sample size. They are (R, P ) = (2500, 250) and
 (R, P ) = (5000, 500). Note that P/R = 0.1, which allows us to use the asymptotic theory
 with π = 0 as an approximation for the finite sample distribution. The large in-sample sizes R
 considered also guarantee a good precision in the estimated quantiles and our nonparametric
 estimates of FYt−1 (mα (It−1 , θ0 )).
     Table 1 and Table 2 contain the simulation results for HS and FHS models, respectively.
 The main conclusions from these tables are as follows. First, all the tests appear to have
 satisfactory size performances, with rejection probabilities close to the nominal level of 5%.

                                                     19
The only exceptional case is the C-test, which is heavily undersized when backtesting 1%
VaRs.

                             TABLES 1 AND 2 ABOUT HERE

   Second, the K-test generally displays very poor empirical power properties in detecting
the lack of optimality of HS and FHS models for the alternatives considered, which supports
our theoretical results. For HS models, the empirical power of the K-test is high for ALT1,
moderate for ALT3 and ALT7, and low for the rest of the alternatives. For FHS models,
the power is very low for all, but for ALT1. The high power against ALT1 is theoretically
explained by the very large values of σK , see our Theorem 1. In cases where the K-test has
low power, we do not see a significant increase of the power when the out-of-sample size P
increases, which is also in accordance with our theoretical results.
   Third, the C-test has reasonably good power for backtesting HS models, but it performs
poorly for backtesting FHS models. This lack of power suggests that (6) takes on small values
for these alternatives. Thus, this test is not recommended for detecting lack of optimality of
FHS models.
   Fourth, the D-test has satisfactory good power performances for backtesting both HS
and FHS models. A comparison with D5 reveals that there are not substantial benefits
from choosing S from the data in these simulations. It is unknown if this conclusion can be
extrapolated to other DGPs.
   Finally, we observe significant differences between the two VaR levels considered, with
better performances at 5% VaR level. For example, the C-test has poor power performances
in backtesting 1% VaRs, especially for FHS models. However, it should be stressed that
the results at 1% have to be taken with caution given the relatively small out-of-sample
sizes considered here; see Escanciano and Olmo (2010) for a discussion and illustration of
misleading inferences at 1% VaR level.
   To conclude, these simulations confirm our theoretical results. It is shown that the
K-test is inconsistent for detecting non-optimality of HS and FHS forecasts, and that the

                                              20
new proposed data-driven test (D-test) has excellent empirical power properties, while being
simple to implement.



5         Application

In this application we illustrate the practical importance of our theoretical results in financial
risk management, particularly in the evaluation of HS and FHS models and in the subsequent
determination of the multiplication factors for market risk capital requirements. To that end,
we compare backtesting results from the aforementioned three tests, the K-test, C-test and
the proposed D-test, using portfolios based on three representative U.S. stocks traded on
the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). The stocks are Walt Disney (DIS), General Electric
(GE) and Merck & Company (MRK). Daily data on their market closure prices8 are collected
over the period of 01/04/1999 - 12/31/2009, and then the daily returns are calculated as 100
times the difference of the log prices. The compositions of the three portfolios considered
are (0.4, 0.1, 0.5), (0.1, 0.1, 0.8) and (0.3, 0.1, 0.6), respectively, where the numbers in
each parentheses from left to right represent the portfolio weights on DIS, GE and MRK,
respectively. These weights are chosen for illustrative purposes but not based on any portfolio
optimizing behavior. We would expect to obtain similar conclusions for optimal portfolios
according to our theoretical results.
        In order to get a preliminary view of the data set, we present some summary statistics
in Table 3 and the graph of daily returns in Figure 1 for the three portfolios. Overall, the
daily returns are highly volatile, slightly autocorrelated, negatively skewed, leptokurtic and
exhibit volatility clustering.

                              TABLE 3 AND FIGURE 1 ABOUT HERE

        For each portfolio, we forecast daily VaRs for the last year of the chosen sample, 01/02/2009-
12/31/2009, with a corresponding sample size of P = 252. For this application, following
    8
        Data source is Yahoo! Finance.


                                                  21
the standard practice we choose a rolling forecast scheme and backtest those VaR fore-
casts with the K-test, C-test and D-test, respectively. The in-sample period is 01/04/1999
- 12/31/2008, yielding an in-sample size of R = 2515. This large in-sample size, relative
to the out-of-sample size, justifies the asymptotic approximations used. Both HS and FHS
models at 5% and 1% VaR levels are considered in the application. For the FHS model,
an AR(1)-GARCH(1,1) model is used. For each test, we report the p-value, denoted as
pK , pC and pD , where the subscripts, K, C and D, represent the K-test, C-test and D-test,
respectively. Under the current regulatory framework, the computation of the multiplication
factors for market risk capital requirements, mf , is based on the number of VaR violations
in the out-of-sample, say N := nt=R+1 ht,α (θbt−1 ), so we also report N and the corresponding
                                P

mf for each case.9


                                     TABLE 4 ABOUT HERE


       Table 4 collects the application results. The top panel reports the application results for
backtesting HS models. As expected, HS is not the optimal model for the three portfolios, as
it ignores some important properties of our data such as time-varying volatility and volatility
clustering. We see that the K-test fails to reject the optimality of HS for the three portfolios
with pK ≥ 0.1629. This result is in line with our theoretical findings on the inconsistency of
the K-test. On the contrary, the proposed D-test is able to detect the non-optimality of the
HS model. We observe that the D-test strongly rejects the optimality of HS for Portfolio 1
at both 5% and 1% VaR levels with pD = 0.0127 and pD = 0.0000, respectively, for Portfolio
   9
    According to Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (1996b), the multiplication factors are determined
by classifying the number of VaR violations in the out-of-sample into three zones, distinguished by colors
into a hierarchy of responses. The green zone is the zone where the backtesting results are consistent
with an accurate model; the yellow zone corresponds to the backtesting results that can be consistent with
either accurate or inaccurate models; and the red zone is the range where the backtesting results almost
certainly indicate an inaccurate model. For instance, for α = 0.01 and P = 250, see Campbell (2005), the
multiplication factors mf are computed as
                               
                                       3.0,          if N ≤ 4, the green zone
                         mf =     3 + 0.2(N − 4), if 5 ≤ N ≤ 9, the yellow zone
                                        4.0,          if N ≥ 10, the red zone,
                               




                                                   22
2 at 5% VaR level with pD = 0.0185, and for Portfolio 3 at 5% VaR level with pD = 0.0190.
Hence, a researcher evaluating VaR forecasts based on the K-test would erroneously accept
a non-optimal HS model as a good model for measuring market risk in these portfolios.
   The results for backtesting FHS models are reported in the bottom panel of Table 4.
FHS is expected to provide better VaR forecasts in the application, as it takes time-varying
volatility into account. However, based on the backtesting results from the D-test, the
optimality of FHS is still rejected for Portfolio 1 at both 5% and 1% VaR levels with pD =
0.0183 and pD = 0.0000, respectively, for Portfolio 2 at 5% VaR level with pD = 0.0085,
and for Portfolio 3 at 5% VaR level with pD = 0.0001, respectively. Again, we observe the
inability of the K-test to reject the optimality of FHS for the three portfolios, with a p-value
of pK ≥ 0.2439.
   As for the determination of the multiplication factors, we see that they are all set at the
lowest level of 3. The backtesting results that cause the lowest level of the multiplication
factors do not suggest a problem with the VaR model used, which should not be the case
in our application. For example, for Portfolio 1, HS and FHS models are rejected by the
proposed D-test, so the multiplication factors should also be increased accordingly in order to
compensate for the inefficient forecasts. Hence, our theoretical and empirical results suggest
that in the current regulatory framework the multiplication factors are underestimated for
the cases where HS or FHS is non-optimal. It is the inconsistency of the K-test that leads
to such underestimation. In practice, the underestimated multiplication factors would make
banks lose the incentives to improve their models, and also might result in insufficient market
risk capital reserves, which expose banks to high risks. Therefore, a major implication of our
results is that the multiplication factors determined by the current regulatory framework are
highly misleading when HS and FHS provide inefficient forecasts.




                                              23
6    Conclusion

In this paper, we prove that the traditional unconditional backtest is inconsistent in testing
the optimality of HS or FHS models. We have shown that its asymptotic power function can
be higher or lower than the nominal level, depending on the relative size of certain long run
variance and the asymptotic null variance of the test, but it is always smaller than one. To
overcome the inconsistency problem of the most commonly used unconditional backtest, we
propose a general class of weighted backtesting procedures, which includes consistent tests
and well known tests such as the independence test as special cases, and we select within
this class a data-driven test with good power properties. Our test combines nonparametric
weights estimated by a series method, with the classical backtest of independence. Our
simulation experiments confirm our theoretical findings. An application to portfolios of
some U.S stocks reveals the practical importance of our theoretical results in financial risk
management. In practice, the use of the K-test for backtesting HS or FHS models might
result in the erroneous acceptance of a non-optimal model, and in the underestimation of
the multiplication factors derived from the current regulatory framework. Our findings
suggest that a modification of the current computation of multiplication factors is needed,
to account for the inconsistency of the K-test. A promising approach would be to base the
computation of multiplication factors on the proposed D-test, given its excellent finite-sample
performance. This topic is deferred for future research.




                                              24
Appendices

A      Assumptions

To derive our theoretical results, we first need to introduce some notations and assump-
tions. Assume that It−1 = (Xt−1 , Xt−2 , ...), where Xt includes Yt , and define the α-mixing
coefficients as
                    α(m) =       sup        |P (A ∩ B) − P (A)P (B)| , m ≥ 1,              (A.1)
                             B∈Fn ,A∈Pn+m


where the σ-fields Fn and Pn are Fn := σ(εt , t ≤ n) and Pn := σ(εt , t ≥ n), respectively.
Henceforth, we take the convention that εt = Yt for HS models.
    Define the family of the conditional distributions Fx (y) := P (Yt ≤ y | It−1 = x) and let
fx (y) be the associated conditional densities. The following regularity conditions are used
in the main results.

Assumption A1: {εt }t∈Z is strictly stationary and strong mixing process with mixing
coefficients satisfying ∞
                       P
                         j=1 α(j) < ∞. Fε (y) is strictly increasing and continuous in y ∈ R.

The conditional variance σ 2 (It−1 , β0 ) > 0 a.s. and σK
                                                        2
                                                          > 0.

Assumption A2: The family of distributions functions {Fx : x ∈ R∞ } has Lebesgue densi-
ties {fx : x ∈ R∞ } that are uniformly bounded from above and below, i.e., inf x∈R∞ ,y∈R |fx (y)| >
C −1 and supx∈R∞ ,y∈R |fx (y)| ≤ C, for a positive constant C, and equicontinuous: for every
 > 0 there exists a δ > 0 such that supx∈R∞ ,|y−z|≤δ |fx (y) − fx (z)| ≤ .
Assumption A3: The parameter space Θ is compact in Rp . The true parameter θ0 belongs
                                                             √
to the interior of Θ. The estimator θbt is such that maxR≤t≤n t(θbt − θ0 ) = OP (1) under the
null and maxR≤t≤n (θbt − θ0 ) = oP (1) under the alternative.

Assumption A4: R, P → ∞ as n → ∞, and π := limn→∞ P/R = 0.

Assumption A5: Assume µ(It−1 , β) and σ(It−1 , β) are continuously differentiable in β (a.s.)


                                                 25
such that E supβ∈B0 |µ̇t (β)|2 < C and E supβ∈B0 |σ̇t (β)|2 < C, for a neighborhood B0 of
                                                        

β0 .

Assumption A6: The functions pj (u) for j = 0, ..., S are mutually orthogonal polynomials
on [0, 1] and continuously differentiable with bounded derivatives.

Assumptions A1 to A6 are standard in the literature. Assumption A1 suffices for Theorem
1. For sufficient conditions for the α−mixing ARMA-GARCH processes, see e.g., Doukhan
(1994), Carrasco and Chen (2002), Francq and Zakoı̈an (2006) and references therein. As-
sumptions A1 to A5 are needed for Theorem 2. Assumption A2 is required as in Escanciano
and Olmo (2010). Assumption A3 can be easily verified for the estimators involved in HS
and FHS models such as the empirical quantile estimator in both HS and FHS models and
the QMLE in FHS models. For example, in an AR(1)-GARCH(1,1) model under the fixed
forecasting scheme where θ0 = (β0 , Fε−1 (α)), the parameter β0 can be estimated by the
QMLE
                                              R 
                                                  (Ys − µ0 Ys−1 )2
                                              X                                  
                                         −1
                  βbt ≡ βbR = arg minR                                     es2 (β)
                                                                     + log σ         ,   (A.2)
                               β∈Θβ           s=1
                                                         es2 (β)
                                                         σ

      es2 is defined recursively, for s ≥ 1, by
where σ


                        es2 (β) = ω0 + ω1 (Ys−1 − µ0 Ys−2 )2 + ω2 σ
                        σ                                           2
                                                                  es−1 (β)


and β = (µ0 , ω0 , ω1 , ω2 )0 ∈ Θβ ≡ {β ∈ R4 : |µ0 | < 1, ω0 > 0, ω1 ≥ 0, ω2 ≥ 0 and
ω1 + ω2 < 1}. Francq and Zakoı̈an (2004) provide further details on the QMLE and sufficient
conditions for Assumption A3 to hold. Sufficient conditions for Assumption 3 to hold with the
empirical quantile estimator under α−mixing conditions have been provided by Yoshihara
(1995) and Sun (2006) among many others. Assumption A4 has been discussed in the
paper. Assumption A5 is standard in the literature and satisfied by ARMA-GARCH models
under mild moment conditions. Assumption A6 is satisfied, for instance, by the Legendre
polynomials used in the simulations.


                                                    26
B     Mathematical Proofs

Proof of Theorem 1: Note that the hit sequence {ht,α (θ0 )}t∈Z is a function of {εt }t∈Z , and
hence, is strictly stationary and strong mixing with mixing coefficients αh (j) bounded by
α(j) in (A.1). Hence, by Assumption A1, the mixing coefficients satisfy ∞
                                                                         P
                                                                             j=1 αh (j) < ∞.

In addition, by definition, for the HS model,


              E[ht,α (θ0 ) − α] = E[1(Yt ≤ FY−1 (α))] − α = FY (FY−1 (α)) − α = 0,


and for the FHS model,


              E[ht,α (θ0 ) − α] = E[1(εt ≤ Fε−1 (α))] − α = Fε (Fε−1 (α)) − α = 0.


Therefore, we have that the time series {ht,α (θ0 ) − α}nt=1+R is strictly stationary and strong
mixing, has zero mean and is bounded for both the HS and FHS models. Thus, a strong
mixing CLT applies to KP under the alternative hypothesis HA , and then it holds that


                                            d      2
                                      KP −→ N (0, σK ).


Hence, the power function of KP at τ % nominal level is

                                                        p              !
                                        KP               α(1 − α)
                    Π(τ, α) := lim Pr         > z1−τ /2           | HA
                               P →∞      σK               σK
                                               p          !!
                                                 α(1 − α)
                            = 2 1 − Φ z1−τ /2
                                                   σK
                                       p          !
                                         α(1 − α)
                            = 2Φ zτ /2              .
                                          σK

 
Proof of Theorem 2: The proof follows from Theorem 1 and Corollary 1 in Escanciano



                                                27
and Olmo (2010), but replacing Kn there by the weighted version

                           n
                     1    X
                              w(It−1 ) ht,α (θ0 + c(t − 1)−1/2 ) − Ft−1 (θ0 + c(t − 1)−1/2 ) ,
                                                                                           
      Kn (c) := √
                    Bw P t=R+1


where we define, for θ ∈ Θ, Ft−1 (θ) := FIt−1 (mα (It−1 , θ)) to simplify notation. Notice that
all the arguments used in Escanciano and Olmo (2010) apply to the current setting without
changes. 
Proof of Lemma 1: By the law of iterated expectations


                  E[w∗ (It−1 )(ht,α (θ0 ) − α)] = V ar[FIt−1 (mα (It−1 , θ0 ))] ≥ 0,             (B.1)


with equality to zero only when FIt−1 (mα (It−1 , θ0 )) = α a.s., that is, only under the null. 
Proof of Theorem 3:
We first prove (i). Define S ∗ = min{S : 1 ≤ S ≤ Smax ; LS ≥ Lh , h = 1, 2, ..., Smax }, where
LS = QS − S log n. We prove that, under Assumptions A1-A6 and H0 ,


                                        lim P (S ∗ = 1) = 1.                                     (B.2)
                                        n→∞



Notice that
                                        S
                                        Xmax                       S
                                                                   Xmax

                    P (S ∗ = 1) = 1 −          P (S ∗ = s) ≥ 1 −          P (Ls ≥ L1 ).
                                        s=2                        s=2

Now, for 1 < s ≤ Smax ,


                              P (Ls ≥ L1 ) ≤ P (Qs ≥ (s − 1) log n).


We shall show that under the null Qs = Op (1). To that end, let 1n be a n × 1 vector of ones,




                                                    28
and write


                      γn = [n−1 Pn0 Pn ]−1 n−1 Pn0 (Hn,α − α1n ) + αn−1 Pn0 1n
                                                                                      


                           ≡ [n−1 Pn0 Pn ]−1 {A1n + αA2n } .


Assumption A6 and the Glivenko-Cantelli’s theorem imply that


                                   [n−1 Pn0 Pn ]−1 = [P 0 P ]−1 + oP (1),


where P := [ps (U0 ), ..., ps (Un−1 )]0 . On the other hand,

                                       n
                     √           1 X s                           
                         nA1n = √       p (Ut−1 ) ht,α (θbn ) − α
                                  n t=1
                                     n
                                1 X s                                             
                              +√        {p (Un,t−1 ) − ps (Ut−1 )} ht,α (θbn ) − α
                                  n t=1

                               =: A11n + A12n .


An application of Theorem A1 in Delgado and Escanciano (2007) with (using their notation)


                  w(εn,t , In,t , x) = pj (F (Yt−1 )) [ht,α (θ) − Ft−1 (θ)] , j = 0, ..., s,


where x = (F, θ) ∈ Π := H × Θ, with H the class of non-decreasing functions of bounded
variation, yields that A12n = op (1) by a stochastic equicontinuity argument. Similarly, by
Escanciano and Olmo (2010) it can be shown that

               n                                    n
           1 X s                                1 X s                                   
   A11n = √       p (Ut−1 ) (ht,α (θ0 ) − α) + √       p (Ut−1 ) Ft−1 (θbn ) − Ft−1 (θ0 ) + op (1)
            n t=1                                n t=1
                 n
           1 X s                                            ∂Ft−1 (θ0 ) √ b
         =√       p (Ut−1 ) (ht,α (θ0 ) − α) + E[ps (Ut−1 )            ] n(θn − θ0 ) + op (1)
            n t=1                                              ∂θ0

         = Op (1).



                                                     29
                                   √
We write each component of             nA2n as

                                   n
                                                √
                                                           Z
                           1 X
                          √       pj (Un,t−1 ) = n             pj (Fn (x))Fn (dx),
                            n t=1


where Fn is the empirical cdf of {Yt−1 }nt=1 . Lemma 20.10 in van der Vaart (1998) and the weak
               √                           √
convergence of n(Fn −FY ) imply that n (A2n − e1 ) = Op (1), where e1 = (1, 0, ...0) ∈ Rs+1 .
From the previous arguments and the definition of Qs we conclude that under the null
Qs = Op (1). It then follows that


                            P (Qs ≥ (s − 1) log n) → 0, as n → ∞.


Therefore, (B.2) holds.
   To simplify notations, we write pb1,t−1 = p1 (Un,t−1 ) and p1,t−1 = p1 (Ut−1 ). With S ∗ = 1,
the series estimators for the weights are


                       ŵ1∗ (Yt−1 ) = γn0 + γn1 p1 (Un,t−1 ), t = R + 1, ..., n,


where (γn0 , γn1 )0 is the OLS estimator γn with s = 1, i.e.,


                                          γn0 = ht,α − γn1 pb1,t−1


and                                 n h                    ih               i
                               1
                                   P
                               n
                                       ht,α (θbn ) − ht,α pb1,t−1 − pb1,t−1
                                   t=1                                           an
                       γn1 =                 n                        2
                                                                              :=
                                                                                 bn
                                                 h                   i
                                          1
                                            P
                                          n
                                                   pb1,t−1 − pb1,t−1
                                            t=1
                  Pn           bn ) and pb1,t−1 = n−1 Pn pb1,t−1 . We show that, under Assump-
with ht,α = n−1     t=1 ht,α (θ                        t=1

tions A1-A6 and H0 , uniformly in y ∈ R,


                                                  p
                                          ŵ1∗ (y) −→ w1∗ (y) ≡ α.                        (B.3)


                                                      30
Notice that

            n
         1X
  an =         [ht,α (θbn ) − ht,α ]b
                                    p1,t−1
         n t=1
          n                                          n                                          n
       1X                                         1X                                         1X
     =       [ht,α (θn ) − α][b
                    b         p1,t−1 − p1,t−1 ] +       [ht,α (θn ) − α]p1,t−1 + (α − ht,α )
                                                               b                                   pb1,t−1
       n t=1                                      n t=1                                      n t=1

     := a1n + a2n + a3n ,


                                                                                                        p
Since the polynomial function p1 (·) is equicontinuous and supy∈R |Fn (y) − F (y)| −→ 0, then


                                                                                               p
                 max |b
                      p1,t−1 − p1,t−1 | := max |p1 (Fn (Yt−1 )) − p1 (F (Yt−1 ))| −→ 0,
                 1≤t≤n                            1≤t≤n



and hence, a1n = op (1). By Lemma A1 in Escanciano and Olmo (2010) and the uniform law
of large numbers (ULLN),

                                 n
                          1X                             p
                    a2n =       [ht,α (θbn ) − α]p1,t−1 −→ cov(ht,α (θ0 ), p1,t−1 ) = 0.
                          n t=1

                   p
Similarly, ht,α −→ E[ht,α (θ0 )] = α and pb1,t−1 = Op (1), so a3n = op (1). Hence, an = op (1), and
                                     p                    p
since bn = Op (1), then γn1 −→ 0 and γn0 −→ α. Therefore, (B.3) is proved. An implication
of (B.3) is that B̂ŵ1∗ := P −1 nt=R+1 [ŵ1∗ (Yt−1 )]2 is a consistent estimator of Bw1∗ := α2 .
                               P

   Based on the above, we can write

                                                 n
                                          1      X
                 KP,wb1∗ (S ∗ ) = q                   [ŵ1∗ (Yt−1 ) − w1∗ (Yt−1 )][ht,α (θbt−1 ) − α]
                                         B̂ŵ1∗ P t=R+1
                                            n
                                  1        X
                               +q               w1∗ (Yt−1 )[ht,α (θbt−1 ) − α]
                                 B̂ŵ1∗ P t=R+1

                               := K1n + K2n .


An application of Theorem A1 in Delgado and Escanciano (2007) yields that K1n = oP (1),
                                                                                  d
and Slutsky’s Theorem and Theorem 2 imply that KP,wb1∗ (S ∗ ) −→ N (0, α(1 − α)).

                                                              31
                                                                                                         d
   Theorem 2 in Escanciano and Olmo (2010) implies, with π = 0, that KP,ŵa1 −→
N (0, α(1 − α)). It remains to prove that KP,wb1∗ (S ∗ ) and KP,ŵa1 are asymptotically inde-
pendent under the null. This follows from the fact that

                              
      Cov KP,wb1∗ (1), KP,ŵa1 = Cov (α [ht,α (θ0 ) − α] , [ht−1,α (θ0 ) − α] [ht,α (θ0 ) − α]) + o(1)

                                = α2 (1 − α)E [ht−1,α (θ0 ) − α] + o(1)

                                = o(1).


Thus, by Cramer-Wold Device,

                                                  2
                                    KP,wb1∗ (S ∗ ) + (KP,ŵa1 )2 d
                               Dn =                             −→ χ22 ,
                                             α(1 − α)

where χ22 is the chi-squared random variable with two degrees of freedom.
We now prove (ii). To that end, we need to prove that, under HA ,


                                            P (S ∗ ≥ j) → 1,                                        (B.4)


provided that γj 6= 0 for some 0 < j ≤ Smax , and γ1 = γ2 = · · · = γj−1 = 0.
   For s = 1, ..., j − 1,
                                       P (S ∗ = s) ≤ P (Ls ≥ Lj ).

and
                    P (Ls ≥ Lj ) = P (Qs ≥ (s − j) log n + Qj ) → 0, as n → ∞.

The last convergence follows from the law of large numbers, since


                                  n−1 Qs → 0 and n−1 Qj → γj2 > 0.




                                                    32
Therefore, for each M > 0,


                       P (KP,wb1∗ (S ∗ ) ≤ M ) = P (KP,wb1∗ (S ∗ ) ≤ M, S ∗ ≥ j) + o(1)

                                      ≤ P (KP,wb1∗ (j) ≤ M ) + o(1)

                                      = o(1),


where the last equality follows from the law of large numbers and the fact that

        j                                                    j
    "                         !                 #        "                           !   ∞
                                                                                                                !#
        X                                                    X                           X
E             γk pk (FY (Yt−1 )) (ht,α (θ0 ) − α) = E              γk pk (FY (Yt−1 ))          γh ph (FY (Yt−1 ))
        k=0                                                  k=0                         h=1

                                                    = γj2 E[p2j (FY (Yt−1 ))] > 0,


by the law of iterated expectations and the orthogonality of the polynomials. Then, KP,wb1∗ (S ∗ ) →
∞, and hence Dn → ∞ as n → ∞. 




                                                       33
References

Andersen, T., Bollerslev, T., Chirstoffersen, P.F., Diebold, F.X., 2006. Volatility and Cor-
relation Forecasting. In: Elliot, G., Granger, C.W.J., Timmermann, A. (eds), Handbook of
Economic Forecasting, North-Holland, Amsterdam, 778-878.
   Barone-Adesi, G., Bourgoin, F., Giannopoulos, K., 1998. Don’t look back. Risk 11,
100-104.
   Barone-Adesi, G., Giannopoulos, K., Vosper L., 1999. VaR without correlations for
nonlinear portfolios. Journal of Futures Markets 19, 583-602.
   Barone-Adesi, G., Giannopoulos, K., 2002. Non-parametric VaR techniques: Myths and
realities. Economic Notes 30, 167-181.
   Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, 1996a. Amendment to the capital accord to
incorporate market risks. Bank for International Settlements.
   Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, 1996b. Supervisory framework for the use of
backtesting in conjunction with the internal models approach to market risk capital require-
ments. Bank for International Settlements.
   Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, 2011. Revision to the Basel II market risk
framework. Bank for International Settlements.
   Berkowitz, J., 2001. Testing density forecasts with applications to risk management.
Journal of Business and Economic Statistics 19, 4, 465-474.
   Berkowitz, J., Christoffersen, P.F., Pelletier, D., 2011. Evaluating Value-at-Risk models
with desk-level data. Management Science 57, 12, 2213-2227.
   Berkowitz, J., and O’Brien, J., 2002. How accurate are Value at Risk models at com-
mercial banks? Journal of Finance 57, 3, 1093-1111.
   Campbell, S.D., 2005. A review of backtesting and backtesting procedures. Staff working
papers in the Finance and Economics discussion series, 2005-21.
   Carrasco M., Chen, X., 2002. Mixing and moment properties of various GARCH and
stochastic volatility models. Econometric Theory 18, 17-39.

                                             34
   Christoffersen, P.F., 1998. Evaluating interval forecasts. International Economic Review
39, 841-862.
   Christoffersen, P.F., Pelletier, D., 2004. Backtesting Value-at-Risk: A duration-based
approach. Journal of Financial Econometrics 2, 84-108.
   Delgado, M.A., Escanciano, J.C., 2007. Nonparametric tests for conditional symmetry
in dynamic models. Journal of Econometrics 141, 652-682.
   Doukhan P., 1994. Mixing: properties and examples. Lecture Notes in Statistics, Vol.
85 Springer, Berlin.
   Engle, R.F., Manganelli, S., 2004. CAViaR: Conditional autoregressive Value at Risk by
regression quantiles. Journal of Business and Economic Statistics 22, 4, 367-381.
   Escanciano, J.C., Olmo, J., 2010. Backtesting parametric Value-at-Risk with estimation
risk. Journal of Business and Economics Statistics 28, 36-51.
   Escanciano, J.C., Olmo, J., 2011. Robust backtesting tests for Value-at-Risk models.
Journal of Financial Econometrics 9, 132-161.
   Francq, C., Zakoı̈an, J.-M., 2004. Maximum likelihood estimation of pure GARCH and
ARMA-GARCH processes. Bernoulli 10(4), 605-637.
   Francq, C., Zakoı̈an, J.-M., 2006. Mixing properties of a general class of GARCH(1,1)
models without moment assumptions. Econometric Theory 22, 815-834.
   Goureioux, C., Jasiak, J., 2006. Dynamic quantile models. Working Paper 2006-4,
Department of Economics, York University.
   Hansen, B.E., 1994. Autoregressive conditional density estimation. International Eco-
nomic Review 35, 705-730.
   Koenker, R., Xiao, Z., 2006. Quantile autoregression. Journal of the American Statistical
Association 101, 980-990.
   Kupiec, P., 1995. Techniques for verifying the accuracy of risk measurement models. The
Journal of Derivatives 3, 73-84.
   Ledwina, T., 1994. Data-driven version of Neyman’s smooth test of fit. Journal of the


                                            35
American Statistical Association 89, 1000-1005.
   Li, W.K., Ling, S., McAleer, M., 2002. Recent theoretical results for time series models
with GARCH errors. Journal of Economic Surveys, 16, 245-269.
   Li, Q., Racine, J.S., 2007. Nonparametric Econometrics: Theory and Practice. Princeton
University Press.
   Neyman, J., 1937. Smooth test for goodness of fit. Scandinavian Aktuarietidskr 20,
150-199.
   Jorion, P., 2006. Value at Risk: The New Benchmark for Managing Financial Risk.
McGrawHill, 3rd Edtion.
   JP Morgan, 1996. RiskMetrics. Technical Document. 4th Edition. New York.
   Pérignon, C., Smith, D.R., 2008. A new approach to comparing VaR estimation method.
The Journal of Derivatives 16, 2, 54-66.
   Pérignon, C., Smith, D.R., 2010. The level and quality of Value-at-Risk disclosure by
commercial banks. Journal of Banking & Finance 34, 2, 362-377.
   Pritsker, M., 2006. The hidden dangers of historical simulation. Journal of Banking &
Finance 30, 2, 561-582.
   Yoshihara, K.,1995. The Bahadur representation of sample quantile for sequences of
strongly mixing random variables. Statistics & Probability Letters 24, 299–304.
   Schwarz, G., 1978. Estimating the dimension of a model. The Annals of Statistics 6,
461-464.
   Sun, S.X., 2006. The Bahadur representation for sample quantiles under weak depen-
dence. Statistics & Probability Letters 76, 1238–1244.
   van der Vaart, A.W., 1998. Asymptotic Statistics. Cambridge University Press.




                                            36
Tables and Figures

       Table 1: Simulation Results for Backtesting HS Models at 5% Nominal Level
                K-test                D-test                D5-test             C-Test
         5% VaR 1% VaR 5% VaR 1% VaR 5% VaR 1% VaR 5% VaR 1% VaR
                                        R=2500, P=250
 A0HS       0.047    0.040       0.069       0.044     0.066      0.061     0.050     0.008
 ALT1       0.987    0.010       0.569       0.009     0.702      0.009     0.051     0.009
 ALT2       0.276    0.137       0.709       0.325     0.678      0.377     0.721     0.222
 ALT3       0.409    0.186       0.692       0.341     0.697      0.389     0.811     0.265
 ALT4       0.076    0.055       0.623       0.206     0.574      0.326     0.363     0.084
 ALT5       0.072    0.089       0.841       0.315     0.844      0.590     0.166     0.131
 ALT6       0.151    0.081       0.791       0.286     0.730      0.385     0.627     0.140
 ALT7       0.290    0.160       0.699       0.341     0.671      0.361     0.737     0.228
                                        R=5000, P=500
 A0HS       0.063    0.037       0.062       0.060     0.063      0.067     0.049     0.011
 ALT1       1.000    0.998       0.724       0.002     0.883      0.002     0.003     0.001
 ALT2       0.315    0.200       0.903       0.533     0.889      0.568     0.930     0.356
 ALT3       0.421    0.289       0.881       0.535     0.888      0.557     0.951     0.400
 ALT4       0.120    0.080       0.850       0.363     0.788      0.497     0.591     0.144
 ALT5       0.107    0.095       0.980       0.795     0.982      0.794     0.193     0.200
 ALT6       0.161    0.105       0.957       0.504     0.927      0.607     0.893     0.284
 ALT7       0.326    0.220       0.864       0.500     0.860      0.511     0.937     0.334
Notes: This table compares the size and power properties of Kupiec’s test, the proposed
data-driven test with data-driven selection of S ∗ , the corresponding test with the chosen
value of S ∗ = 5 and Christoffersen’s likelihood ratio test for HS models, denoted as K-test,
D-test, D5-test and C-test, respectively. 1000 Monte Carlo replications.




                                             37
      Table 2: Simulation Results for Backtesting FHS Models at 5% Nominal Level
                  K-test                D-test                D5-test             C-Test
            5% VaR 1% VaR 5% VaR 1% VaR 5% VaR 1% VaR 5% VaR 1% VaR
                                         R=2500, P=250
 A0F HS      0.041     0.048      0.065       0.040      0.073      0.042     0.050    0.010
  ALT1       0.353     0.011      0.157       0.020      0.212      0.015     0.249    0.002
  ALT2       0.097     0.080      0.392       0.179      0.361      0.167     0.195    0.042
  ALT3       0.132     0.138      0.387       0.208      0.341      0.180     0.209    0.073
  ALT4       0.049     0.028      0.236       0.123      0.213      0.115     0.063    0.008
  ALT5       0.118     0.212      0.507       0.321      0.513      0.330     0.159    0.043
  ALT6       0.055     0.060      0.291       0.133      0.226      0.122     0.090    0.017
  ALT7       0.111     0.083      0.347       0.129      0.319      0.125     0.203    0.039
                                         R=5000, P=500
 A0F HS      0.063     0.049      0.071       0.068      0.066      0.066     0.054    0.015
  ALT1       0.889     0.817      0.705       0.007      0.784      0.004     0.192    0.002
  ALT2       0.120     0.069      0.594       0.248      0.525      0.216     0.308    0.040
  ALT3       0.173     0.172      0.626       0.368      0.527      0.314     0.323    0.090
  ALT4       0.072     0.046      0.357       0.146      0.305      0.141     0.084    0.014
  ALT5       0.199     0.264      0.743       0.469      0.749      0.486     0.352    0.102
  ALT6       0.085     0.052      0.418       0.180      0.325      0.159     0.110    0.018
  ALT7       0.138     0.057      0.532       0.182      0.471      0.168     0.305    0.029
Notes: This table compares the size and power properties of Kupiec’s test, the proposed
data-driven test with data-driven selection of S ∗ , the corresponding test with the chosen
value of S ∗ = 5 and Christoffersen’s likelihood ratio test for FHS models, denoted as K-test,
D-test, D5-test and C-test, respectively. 1000 Monte Carlo replications.

                                Table 3: Summary Statistics

                               Portfolio 1      Portfolio 2      Portfolio 3
                                (0.4,0.1,0.5)    (0.1,0.1,0.8)    (0.3,0.1,0.6)
                   Mean              -0.0311          -0.0470          -0.0364
                   Variance           3.3390           4.5504           3.5718
                   Kurtosis          55.0084        182.9456           96.2160
                   Skewness          -2.8894          -7.3010          -4.4703
                   Minimum          -35.3413         -56.2868         -42.3231
                   Maximum           11.4305          10.4282          11.0964
                   Autocorr.         -0.0317          -0.0208          -0.0285
                   LB(10)             9.0524           0.2049           1.9774

Notes: This table presents some summary statistics for the daily returns of the three port-
folios. For each portfolio, the three numbers in the parentheses represent the corresponding
portfolio weights on DIS, GE and MRK, respectively. The summary statistics include the
first four moments, minimum, and maximum of each series, the first-order autocorrelation
coefficient and the Ljung-Box Q-statistic of order 10 on the squared returns.

                                                38
     Figure 1: Daily Returns of the Three Portfolio




39
                               Table 4: Application Results

                      Portfolio 1         Portfolio 2         Portfolio 3
                       (0.4,0.1,0.5)       (0.1,0.1,0.8)       (0.3,0.1,0.6)
                    5% VaR 1% VaR       5% VaR 1% VaR       5% VaR 1% VaR
                         Application Results for Backtesting HS Models
              N          14         4        16         1         16        2
              mf          3         3         3         3          3        3
              pK     0.3429    0.1744    0.1629    0.8321     0.1629   0.6290
              pC     0.0992    0.0872    0.1353    0.5497     0.1353   0.9302
              pD     0.0127    0.0000    0.0185    0.6290     0.0190   0.9430
                        Application Results for Backtesting FHS Models
              N          15         3        13         1         14        2
              mf          3         3         3         3          3        3
              pK     0.2439    0.3806    0.4540    0.8321     0.3429   0.6290
              pC     0.1226    0.0629    0.0709    0.5497     0.0138   0.9302
              pD     0.0183    0.0000    0.0085    0.6290     0.0001   0.9430

Notes: N represents the number of violations, and mf the multiplication factor determined
under the current regulatory framework. pK , pC and pD represent the p-value for the K-test,
C-test and D-test, respectively.




                                            40
