                                                        Spectral backtests of forecast distributions
                                                          with application to risk management∗
                                                                                    Michael B. Gordy




arXiv:1708.01489v6 [q-fin.RM] 29 Jul 2019
                                                                     Federal Reserve Board, Washington DC

                                                                                  Alexander J. McNeil

                                                              The York Management School, University of York

                                                                                       July 26, 2019


                                                                                           Abstract
                                                       We study a class of backtests for forecast distributions in which the test statistic
                                                   depends on a spectral transformation that weights exceedance events by a function of
                                                   the modeled probability level. The weighting scheme is specified by a kernel measure
                                                   which makes explicit the user’s priorities for model performance. The class of spectral
                                                   backtests includes tests of unconditional coverage and tests of conditional coverage. We
                                                   show how the class embeds a wide variety of backtests in the existing literature, and
                                                   further propose novel variants which are easily implemented, well-sized and have good
                                                   power. In an empirical application, we backtest forecast distributions for the overnight
                                                   P&L of ten bank trading portfolios. For some portfolios, test results depend materially
                                                   on the choice of kernel.

                                            JEL Codes: C52; G21; G28; G32
                                            Keywords: Backtesting; Volatility; Risk management




                                               ∗
                                                We thank Harrison Katz and Sathya Ramesh for excellent research assistance. We have benefitted from
                                            discussion with Mike Giles, Marie Kratz, Hsiao Yen Lok, David Lynch, David McArthur, Michael Milgram,
                                            and Johanna Ziegel. The opinions expressed here are our own, and do not reflect the views of the Board of
                                            Governors or its staff. Address correspondence to Michael Gordy, Federal Reserve Board, Washington DC
                                            20551, USA, +1-202-452-3705, michael.gordy@frb.gov.


                                                                                               1
1    Introduction

In many forecasting exercises, fitting some range of quantiles of the forecast distribution
may be prioritized in model design and calibration. In risk management applications, which
motivate this study, accuracy near the median of the distribution or in the “good tail” of high
profits is generally much less important than accuracy in the “bad tail” of large losses. Even
within the region of primary interest, preferences may be nonmonotonic in probabilities. For
example, the modeller may care a great deal about assessing the magnitude of once-in-a-
decade market disruptions, but care much less about quantiles in the extreme tail that are
consequent to unsurvivable cataclysmic events. In this paper, we study a class of backtests
for forecast distributions in which the test statistic weights exceedance events by a function
of the modeled probability level. The weighting scheme is specified by a kernel measure
which makes explicit the priorities for model performance. The backtest statistic and its
asymptotic distribution are analytically tractable for a very large class of kernels.
    Our approach unifies a wide variety of existing approaches to backtesting. In the area
of risk management, the time-honored test statistic (dating back to Kupiec, 1995) is simply
a count of “VaR exceedances,” i.e., indicator variables equal to one whenever the realized
trading loss is in excess of the day-ahead value-at-risk (VaR) forecast. In our framework,
this is the case where the kernel is Dirac measure concentrated at the target VaR level. At
the other extreme, the tests applied in Diebold et al. (1998) represent a special case in which
weights are uniform across all probability levels. The likelihood-ratio test of Berkowitz
(2001) and the expected shortfall and spectral risk measure tests of Du and Escanciano
(2017) and Costanzino and Curran (2015) represent intermediate cases of a kernel truncated
to tail probabilities. While these works are related to our own, we make a distinct threefold
contribution: (i) we offer an overarching testing framework that embeds many existing tests
and many new ones, including discrete spectral tests and multivariate spectral tests; (ii) we
emphasize the idea that choice of backtest should be guided by a user’s preferences for model
performance as expressed in kernel choice, rather than by the blind pursuit of power; and

                                               2
(iii) we propose a general form of conditional test which may be combined with any kernel
and which nests the unconditional test as a special case.
   The application of a weighting function in this paper bears some similarity to the ap-
proach of Amisano and Giacomini (2007) and Gneiting and Ranjan (2011) in the literature
on comparisons of density forecasts. In both of those papers, weights are applied to a fore-
cast scoring rule to obtain measures of forecast performance that accentuate the tails (or
other regions) of the distribution. However, the measure for any one forecasting method has
no absolute meaning and is designed to facilitate comparison with other methods using the
general comparative testing approach proposed by Diebold and Mariano (1995). In contrast,
our tests are absolute tests of forecast quality in the spirit of Diebold et al. (1998). While the
comparative testing approach is useful for the internal refinement of the forecasting method
by the forecaster, the absolute testing approach in this paper facilitates external evaluation
of the forecaster’s results by another agent, such as a regulator. In this paper we adopt the
perspective of such an agent who must make a judgement based on a predefined set of data
supplied by the forecaster and who has very limited information about the model choices
made by the forecaster.
   Our investigation is motivated in part by a major expansion in the data available to
regulators for the backtesting exercise. Prior to 2013, banks in the US reported to regulators
VaR exceedances at the 99% level. The new Market Risk Rule mandates that banks report
for each trading day the probability associated with the realized profit-and-loss (P&L) in
the prior day’s forecast distribution, which is equivalent to providing the regulator with
VaR exceedances at every level α ∈ [0, 1]. The expanded reporting regime allows us to
assess the tradeoff between power and specificity in backtesting. If a regulator is concerned
narrowly with the validation of reported VaR at level α, then a count of VaR exceedances is
a sufficient statistic for a test for unconditional coverage. However, if the regulator is willing
to assign positive weight to probability levels in a neighborhood of α, we can construct more
powerful backtests. Furthermore, our approach is consistent with a broader view of the


                                                3
risk manager’s mandate to forecast probabilities over a range of large losses. The formal
guidance of US regulators to banks on internal model validation explicitly requires “checking
the distribution of losses against other estimated percentiles” (Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System, 2011, p. 15).
    Under the reforms mandated by the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (Basel
Committee on Bank Supervision, 2013), 99%-VaR is replaced by 97.5%-Expected Shortfall
(ES) as the determinant of capital requirements. While there has been a lot of debate around
the question of whether or not ES is amenable to direct backtesting (Gneiting, 2011; Acerbi
and Szekely, 2014; Fissler et al., 2016), our contribution addresses a different issue. We
devise tests of the forecast distribution from which risk measures are estimated and not tests
of the risk measure estimates. When ES is of primary interest it may be argued that a
satisfactory forecast of the tail of the loss distribution is of even greater importance, since
the risk measure depends on the whole tail.
    In Section 2, we lay out the statistical setting for the risk manager’s forecasting problem
and the data to be collected for backtesting. The transformation that underpins the class of
spectral backtests is introduced in Section 3. Spectral backtests of unconditional coverage
are described in Section 4. In Section 5, we develop tests of conditional coverage based on
the martingale difference property. As an application to real data, in Section 6 we backtest
ten bank models for overnight P&L distributions for trading portfolios.



2     Theory and practice of risk measurement

We assume that a bank models P&L on a filtered probability space (Ω, F, (Ft )t∈N0 , P) where
Ft represents the information available to the risk manager at time t, N0 = N ∪ {0} and N
denotes the non-zero natural numbers. For any time t ∈ N, Lt is an Ft -measurable random
variable representing portfolio loss (i.e., negative P&L) in currency units. We denote the




                                               4
conditional loss distribution given information to time t − 1 by


                                   Ft (x) = P (Lt ⩽ x | Ft−1 ) .


The loss distribution cannot be assumed to be time-invariant. The distribution of returns on
the underlying risk factors (e.g., equity prices, exchange rates) is time-varying, most notably
due to stochastic volatility. Furthermore, Ft depends on the composition of the portfolio.
Because the portfolio is rebalanced in each period, Ft can evolve over time even when factor
returns are iid.
   For t ∈ N we can define the process (Ut ) by Ut = Ft (Lt ) using the probability integral
transform (PIT). Under the assumption that the conditional loss distributions at each time
point are continuous, the result of Rosenblatt (1952) implies that the process (Ut )t∈N is a
sequence of iid standard uniform variables, notwithstanding the fact that (Lt ) is typically
non-stationary. The risk manager builds a model Fbt of Ft based on information up to time
t−1. Reported PIT-values are the corresponding rvs (Pt ) obtained by setting Pt = Fbt (Lt ) for
t ∈ N. The regulator is assumed to have no direct knowledge of Fbt , but can draw inferences
based on a sample of the PIT-values. If the models Fbt form a sequence of ideal probabilistic
forecasts in the sense of Gneiting et al. (2007), i.e., coinciding with the conditional laws Ft
of Lt for every t, then we expect the reported PIT-values to behave like an iid sample of
standard uniform variates; tests of this property are tests that the sequence of models is
calibrated in probability.
                                       d α,t := Fbt← (α) be an estimate of the α-VaR con-
   For any α in the unit interval, let VaR
structed at time t − 1 by calculating the generalized inverse of Fbt at α. Since the VaR
                       d α,t } is equal to the event {Pt ⩾ α}, the PIT-value provides a
exceedance event {Lt ⩾ VaR
sufficient statistic for the VaR exceedances at all possible levels. Thus, we would expect
well-designed tests that use reported PIT-values to be more powerful than VaR exceedance
tests in detecting deficiencies in the models Fbt .



                                                 5
   Our tests make no assumptions about the procedures and models used by the bank in
forecasting. In practice, there is considerable heterogeneity in methodology. For nearly two
decades, most large banks have relied primarily on some variant of historical sampling (HS),
which is a nonparametric method based on re-sampling of historical risk-factor changes
or returns. As HS fails to account for serial dependencies in returns due to time-varying
volatility, some banks adopt filtered historical simulation (FHS) as suggested by Hull and
White (1998) and Barone-Adesi et al. (1998). In this approach, the historical risk-factor
returns are normalized by their estimated volatilities, which are typically obtained by taking
an exponentially-weighted moving-average of past squared returns. Banks that do not use HS
or FHS typically adopt a parametric model for the joint distribution of risk-factor changes.
   In our empirical application, testing for delayed response to changes in volatility is of
special interest. Assuming a roughly symmetric loss distribution centered at zero, the fre-
quent switching between positive and negative values will tend to cause PIT values to be
serially uncorrelated, even when volatility is misspecified in the model. However, extreme
PIT-values (i.e., near 0 or 1) will tend to beget extreme PIT-values in high volatility periods,
and middling PIT-values (i.e., near 1⁄2) will tend to beget middling PIT-values in low volatil-
ity periods. This pattern can be inferred by examining autocorrelation in the transformed
values |2Pt − 1|. We will exploit this transformation in implementing tests of conditional
coverage in Section 6.
   There are relatively few empirical studies of bank VaR forecasting. Berkowitz and O’Brien
(2002) show that VaR estimates by US banks are conservative (i.e., there are fewer ex-
ceedances than expected) and that the forecasts underperform simple time-series models
applied to daily P&L. Conversative forecasts have been documented as well for Canadian
banks (Pérignon et al., 2008) and in a larger international sample (Pérignon and Smith,
2010). The sensitivity of such results to sample period is revealed by O’Brien and Szerszen
(2017). In their sample of five large US banks from 2001–2014, tests of unconditional cov-
erage reject VaR forecasts as excessively conservative for all banks in the periods of relative


                                               6
stability (2001–2006 and 2010–2014). In the crisis period of 2007–2009, however, O’Brien
and Szerszen reject VaR forecasts as insufficiently conservative for all five banks, and serial
independence is rejected for four of the banks. This pattern is consistent with a failure to
model stochastic volatility.



3    Spectral transformations of PIT exceedances

The tests in this paper are based on transformations of indicator variables for PIT ex-
ceedances. The transformations take the form

                                          Z
                                   Wt =           1{Pt ⩾u} dν(u)                           (1)
                                          [0,1]



where the kernel measure ν is a Lebesgue-Stieltjes measure defined on [0, 1]. The kernel
measure is designed to apply weight to the probability levels of greatest interest, typically
(in practice) in the region of the standard VaR level α = 0.99. With any Lebesgue-Stieltjes
measure ν on domain [0, 1], there is an associated increasing right-continuous function Gν
such that ν([0, u]) = Gν (u). It is easily seen that (1) is equivalent to the closed-form
expression
                                  Wt = ν([0, Pt ]) = Gν (Pt )                              (2)

which shows that Wt is increasing in Pt . The measure can be normalized such that Gν (1) = 1
without loss of generality, but we do not require it. To streamline the presentation, we will
henceforth impose the following mild regularity condition on ν.

Assumption 1. ν({0}) = ν({1}) = 0 and Gν is differentiable except at a finite set of points.

   The kernel measure can be discrete, continuous or mixed. In the discrete case, it takes
              P
the form ν = m i=1 γi δαi for m ⩾ 1 where δ denotes Dirac measure. This places positive




                                                  7
mass γ1 , . . . , γm at the ordered values 0 < α1 < · · · < αm < 1 leading to

                                                       m
                                                       X
                                                Wt =         γi 1{Pt ⩾αi } .                          (3)
                                                       i=1


For the continuous case, the measure has density dν(u) = gν (u)du for some nonnegative
gν (u) defined on [0, 1] which we refer to as the kernel density. The univariate transformation
extends naturally to the multivariate case in which a set of distinct kernel measures ν1 , . . . , νm
is applied to PIT-values to obtain the vector-valued variables W1 . . . , Wn where


               Wt = (Wt,1 , . . . , Wt,m )′ ,    Wt,j = νj ([0, Pt ]) = Gj (Pt ), j = 1, . . . , m.   (4)


      We will refer to any backtest based on spectrally transformed PIT exceedances as a
spectral backtest. For the purposes of this paper, we assume that the regulator can utilize
only present and past values of Pt in the backtest statistic. This restriction could be relaxed
considerably.1 What is essential to our contribution is that the regulator does not observe the
entire distribution F̂t , but does observe more than the VaR exception indicator 1{Lt ⩾VaR
                                                                                       d α,t } .

      Let (Ft∗ ) be the regulator’s filtration generated by the PIT values, i.e., Ft∗ = σ({Ps : s ⩽
t}) ⊂ Ft . Regardless of the form of the test, the null hypothesis is


                                 H0 :           0
                                          Wt ∼ FW and Wt ⊥⊥ Ft−1
                                                             ∗
                                                                 , ∀t,                                (5)


where FW
       0
         denotes the distribution function of Wt when Pt is uniform. The null hypothesis (5)
implies that the (Wt ) are iid but is weaker than a null hypothesis that the (Pt ) are iid
Uniform. This is by intent. Since the regulator is free to choose ν in accordance with her
priorities, she should not object to departures from uniformity and serial independence that
arise outside the support of her chosen kernel.
  1                                                                              d α,t ) and in publicly
    Our approach could easily be generalized to incorporate information in (Lt , VaR
observed market variables (such as VIX). However, frequent change in portfolio composition implies that
lagged VaR values are less reliably informative than lagged PIT values.



                                                             8
   Several recent papers propose to correct tests of forecasts for estimation error; see, e.g.,
Escanciano and Olmo (2010); Du and Escanciano (2017); Hurlin et al. (2017). Implementa-
tion of these corrections generally requires knowledge of the forecasting model and estimation
scheme and is thus infeasible in the regulatory context we describe. Our null hypothesis im-
poses the high standard that the forecaster is an ideal forecaster working with a sequence of
correctly specified, perfectly estimated models.
   The spectral class encompasses a great variety of tests but we prioritize two general
testing approaches: Z-tests and likelihood ratio (LR) tests. In the univariate case, the
                                                                 P
spectral Z-test is based on the asymptotic normality of W n = n−1 nt=1 Wt under the null
hypothesis (5). Writing µW = E(Wt ) and σW
                                         2
                                           = var(Wt ) for the moments in the null model
 0
FW , it follows from the central limit theorem that

                                 √
                                  n(W n − µW ) d
                            Zn =              −−−→ N (0, 1).                               (6)
                                     σW        n→∞


                                             √               d
In the multivariate case (dim Wt = m) we have n W n − µW −−−→ Nm (0, ΣW ) where
                                                              n→∞
           Pn
             t=1 Wt and µW and ΣW are the mean vector and covariance matrix of the null
        −1
Wn = n
distribution FW
              0
                . Hence a test can be based on assuming for large enough n that

                                       ′           
                        Tn = n W n − µW Σ−1             2
                                          W W n − µW ∼ χm ,                                (7)


where we refer to Tn as an m-spectral Z-test statistic.
   The first moment of the transformed PIT-values under the null hypothesis is easily ob-
tained as
                                         Z
                                  µW =            (1 − u)dν(u)                             (8)
                                          [0,1]

The variance σW
              2
                and the cross-moments in ΣW are obtained using a simple product rule for
spectrally transformed PIT values.

Theorem 3.1. The set of spectrally transformed PIT values defined by Wt,j = νj ([0, Pt ]) is


                                                  9
closed under multiplication. The product Wt∗ = Wt,1 Wt,2 is given by Wt∗ = ν ∗ ([0, Pt ]) where
ν ∗ is a Lebesgue-Stieltjes measure which satisfies

                   Z                                           Z                             
      ∗                                      1                                         1
    ν ([0, u]) =                ν2 ([0, s]) − ν2 ({s}) dν1 (s) +          ν1 ([0, s]) − ν1 ({s}) dν2 (s).
                    [0,u]                    2                    [0,u]                2

    It follows that σW
                     2
                       = µW ∗ − µ2W , where µW ∗ is found by applying (8) under the measure
ν ∗ obtained when ν1 = ν2 = ν. This yields

                                          Z
                                 µW ∗ =           (1 − u) (2Gν (u) − ν({u})) dν(u) .                         (9)
                                          [0,1]



    The central limit theorem underpinning the Z-test requires finite second moments. For the
univariate case, the following proposition provides a sufficient condition on the tail behavior
of Gν .

Proposition 3.2. If Gν (u) = O((1 − u)−0.5+ϵ ) as u → 1 for some ϵ > 0, then σW
                                                                              2
                                                                                is finite.

In the multivariate setting, the asymptotic distribution in (7) holds if the condition in Propo-
sition 3.2 are satisfied for each νj , j = 1, . . . , m.
    Likelihood ratio tests are based on continuous parametric models FP (· | θ) for the PIT
values Pt that nest uniformity as a special case corresponding to θ = θ0 . The implied
model FW (· | θ) for the values Wt = Gν (Pt ) is used to test the null hypothesis (5) with
 0
FW = FW (· | θ0 ); the alternative is that Wt ∼ FW (· | θ) with θ ̸= θ0 . Writing LW (θ | W )
for the likelihood function, the test is based on the asymptotic chi-squared distribution of
the statistic
                                                           LW (θ0 | W )
                                              LRW,n =                                                       (10)
                                                           LW (θ̂ | W )

where θ̂ denotes the maximum likelihood estimate based on the transformed sample (Wt ).
    An important difference between the two classes of test is that the Z-test is sensitive
to the choice of kernel whereas the LR-test is sensitive only to the support of the kernel.
Considering the univariate case for simplicity, we show

                                                           10
Theorem 3.3. Let ν1 and ν2 be Lebesgue-Stieltjes measures satisfying Assumption 1, and
let Wt,j = Gj (Pt ) for j = 1, 2 and t = 1, . . . , n be the respective samples of transformed PIT
values. If supp(ν1 ) = supp(ν2 ) then LRW1 ,n = LRW2 ,n almost surely.

This result can be viewed as a generalization of the invariance property of LR-tests under
one-to-one transformations of the data.



4    Tests of unconditional coverage

It is common to divide backtesting methods into tests of unconditional coverage and tests of
conditional coverage. In our setting, an unconditional test is a test for the distribution FW
                                                                                            0


implied by the uniformity of the PIT-values while a conditional test is a test for both the
correct distribution and the independence of Wt and Ft−1
                                                     ∗
                                                         for all t.
    In this section we present a number of unconditional tests based on the Z-test and LR-
test ideas discussed in Section 3. It is important to note that the convergence results on
which these tests are based, although mostly stated under iid assumptions, do hold in situa-
tions where the independence assumption is relaxed, for example for stationary and ergodic
martingale-difference processes (according to the martingale CLT of Billingsley (1961)). In
the case of the univariate Z-test, the test will have no power to detect serial dependence
                       √
whenever limn→∞ var( nW n ) ≈ σW   2
                                     . If, however, there is persistent positive serial correla-
                                     √
tion in (Wt ) leading to limn→∞ var( nW n ) > σW 2
                                                    then the Z-test will have some power to
detect dependencies; however, more targeted tests of the independence property are available
and are the subject of Section 5.
    Our unconditional testing approach subsumes a number of important published tests or
close relatives thereof. The discrete weighting framework in Section 4.1 includes the binomial
LR-test of Kupiec (1995) and Christoffersen (1998) for the number of VaR exceedances. It
also includes the multilevel Pearson chi-squared test recommended by Campbell (2006) and
the multilevel LR-test proposed in Pérignon and Smith (2008) which also underlies the work


                                               11
of Colletaz et al. (2013); see Kratz et al. (2018) for a comparative study of multilevel tests.
   The continuous weighting framework in Section 4.2 builds on the seminal paper of Diebold
et al. (1998). It is close in spirit to the approach of Crnkovic and Drachman (1996), who
apply a statistic based on a weighted Kuiper distance between the distribution of PIT values
and the uniform, and subsumes the likelihood ratio test of Berkowitz (2001) based on fitting
a truncated normal distribution to probit-transformed PIT-values. Most closely related to
our work, Du and Escanciano (2017) and Costanzino and Curran (2015) have proposed test
statistics for spectral risk measures which can be viewed as special cases of our univariate
spectral Z-test.


4.1    Discrete weighting
                                                                        Pm
Discrete tests are based on the univariate transformation Wt =                   1
                                                                           i=1 γi {Pt ⩾αi } as defined

in (3) and the multivariate transformation Wt = (1{Pt ⩾α1 } , . . . , 1{Pt ⩾αm } )′ in (4) for the
same set of ordered levels α1 < · · · < αm . Obviously, when m = 1 (and γ1 = 1) both
transformations yield Wt = 1{Pt ⩾α} , so that we obtain iid Bernoulli(1 − α) variables under
the null hypothesis (5). This is the basis for standard VaR exceedance testing based on the
binomial distribution. The Z-test statistic (6) for Wt = 1{Pt ⩾α} coincides with the binomial
score test statistic                                         
                                          √
                                              n W n − (1 − α)
                                   Zn =         p              .                                 (11)
                                                 α(1 − α)

The LR-test uses an implicit nesting model for Pt in which the Wt are iid Bernoulli(p) and
tests p = 1 − α against p ̸= 1 − α by comparing the statistic (10) to a χ21 distribution; this
is the approach taken in Kupiec (1995) and Christoffersen (1998).
                                   P
    When m > 1 the variables Wt = m  i=1 γi 1{Pt ⩾αi } take the ordered values Γ0 < Γ1 < · · · <
                            P
Γm where Γ0 = 0 and Γk = ki=1 γi for k = 1, . . . , m. Under the null hypothesis (5) the
distributions of Wt and Wt satisfy


                   P(Wt = Γi ) = P(1′ Wt = i) = αi+1 − αi ,    i ∈ {0, 1, . . . , m},            (12)

                                                  12
where α0 = 0 and αm+1 = 1. In both cases this describes a multinomial distribution.
   The univariate and multivariate tranformations result in different Z-tests which can be
considered as alternative generalizations of the binomial score test (11). Application of
Theorem 3.1 to the univariate case and use of (9) delivers moments under the null µW =
Pm                          Pm ∗
  i=1 γi (1 − αi ) and σW =  i=1 γi (1 − αi ) − µW where γi = (2Γi − γi )γi . In constructing
                        2                        2        ∗


the test statistic Zn in (6), we can vary the weights γi to emphasize different levels αi and
obtain a variety of new tests.
   In the multivariate case, we construct an m-spectral Z-test as in (7) with µW = (1 −
α1 , . . . , 1 − αm )′ and second moment matrix ΣW with (i, j) element given by αi∧j (1 − αi∨j ).
We then obtain the classical Pearson chi-squared statistic as proposed by Campbell (2006).

Theorem 4.1.
                                                               m
                                                               X (Oi − nθi )2
                         n(W n − µW ) Σ−1
                                        ′
                                       W (W n − µW ) =
                                                               i=0
                                                                        nθi
             Pn
where Oi =     t=1   1{1′ Wt =i} and θi = αi+1 − αi for i = 0, . . . , m.

    To implement a multinomial (or multi-level) LR-test of (12) we use a nesting model for
                                                 P
Pt in which P(Wt = Γi ) = P(1′ Wt = i) = pi and m  i=0 pi = 1. The likelihoods based on (Wt )
                                                    P                  P
and (Wt ) yield the same sufficient statistics Oi = nt=1 1{Wt =Γi } = nt=1 1{1′ Wt =i} for the
cell probabilities pi . By the likelihood principle the univariate and multivariate LR-tests are
identical and depend only on the levels (α1 , . . . , αm ) and not the weights γi in the univariate
transformation. The invariance of the univariate LR-test under different choices for the
weights is also a consequence of Theorem 3.3.


4.2    Continuous weighting

Consider a kernel measure ν with associated absolutely continuous Gν . We assume that the
kernel density satisfies gν (u) > 0 for α1 < u < α2 and gν (u) = 0 for u < α1 and u > α2 . We
refer to supp(ν) = [α1 , α2 ] as the kernel window.
   When ν1 and ν2 are both continuous kernels with the same kernel window, Theorem 3.1

                                                   13
simplifies. The kernel ν ∗ for the product Wt∗ = Wt,1 Wt,2 is continuous on the same kernel
window with density g ∗ (u) = G1 (u)g2 (u) + G2 (u)g1 (u). Moments and cross-moments can
be obtained analytically for a wide variety of kernel densities, e.g., based on polynomials,
exponential functions, or on beta-type densities of the form (u−α1 )a−1 (α2 −u)b−1 for a, b > 0;
see Section 4.3 for examples of new tests based on this idea. Thus, our compact presentation
of the continuous spectral Z-test subsumes a very large class of possible tests.
   For the LR-test, recall that we require a family of distributions FP (· | θ) for the PIT values
that nests uniformity as a special case corresponding to θ = θ0 . Since supp(ν) = [α1 , α2 ]
for all the kernels of this section, Theorem 3.3 implies that they all give rise to identical
LR-tests, depending only on the kernel window [α1 , α2 ] and the nesting model FP (· | θ).
The form taken by Gν on [α1 , α2 ] is immaterial.
   Drawing upon the probitnormal model, we assume that the PIT values P1 , . . . , Pn have
a distribution satisfying Φ−1 (Pt ) ∼ N (µ, σ 2 ). Writing θ = (µ, σ)′ , the distribution function
and density of Pt are respectively

                                        !                      −1     
                              −1
                            Φ (p) − µ                        ϕ Φ (p)−µ
                                                                   σ
           FP (p | θ) = Φ             ,       fP (p | θ) =                 ,   p ∈ [0, 1],   (13)
                               σ                             ϕ(Φ−1 (p))σ


and the uniform distribution corresponds to θ = θ0 = (0, 1)′ . The test of Berkowitz (2001)
is a special case of the LR-test under this nesting model: choosing the kernel ν with Gν (u) =
Φ−1 (α1 ∨u)−Φ−1 (α1 ) and kernel window [α1 , 1], we observe that Wt = Gν (Pt ) has a N (µ, σ 2 )
distribution truncated to [Φ−1 (α1 ), ∞) and then translated to the left.
   The probitnormal model truncated to the window [α1 , α2 ] also yields a further new bis-
pectral Z-test based on a classical score test of θ = θ0 against the alternative θ ̸= θ0 . Full
details of this test are found in our companion paper [supplementary material]. The
resulting truncated probitnormal score test has a mixed weighting scheme (with discrete and




                                               14
continuous parts) in which

                                                           Z α2
              Wt,i = γi,1 1{Pt ⩾α1 } + γi,2 1{Pt ⩾α2 } +          gi (u)1{Pt ⩾u} du,   i = 1, 2,   (14)
                                                            α1



for known constants γi,1 ⩾ 0, γi,2 ⩾ 0 and known functions gi (u) which are positive and
differentiable on [α1 , α2 ].
 NOTE: For completeness and to preserve blinding, material drawn from the “companion
paper” is appended to this paper as “supplementary material”.



4.3    Size and power

We have performed extensive Monte Carlo analyses of the size and power of unconditional
spectral backtests. In this section, we offer representative examples which illustrate how
the size and power of Z-tests depend on the kernel, and then briefly summarize other key
findings. Full details of all simulation experiments may be found in the companion paper
[supplementary material].
   We consider kernels of discrete, continuous and mixed form. Parameters α1 and α2 control
the kernel window. For the continuous tests, α1 and α2 are the infimum and supremum of
the kernel support. For the discrete case, we consider 3-level kernels at the set of points
(α1 , α∗ , α2 ), where α∗ = 0.99 is the conventional VaR level. We define a narrow window for
which α1 = 0.985 and α2 = 0.995, and a wide window for which α1 = 0.95 and α2 = 0.995.
Observe that the narrow window is symmetric around α∗ , whereas the wide window is
asymmetric.
   For the continuous case, there is a wide variety of plausible candidates for the kernel.
Table 1 lists the kernels that we discuss below; each may be thought of as describing a
family of kernel densities for different windows [α1 , α2 ]. For parsimony, all are special cases
of the beta kernel. The uniform and hump-shaped Epanechnikov kernels are commonly used
in the nonparametric statistics literature. In the supplementary material, we provide


                                                    15
analytical solutions for the moments of transformed PIT values for the general beta(a, b)
case.

                 Kernel family Mnemonic             Density g(u)        Beta representation
                      Uniform        ZU             1 p                              1,1
                        Arcsin       ZA             1/ u∗ (1 − u∗ )              1   ⁄2,1⁄2
                Epanechnikov         ZE             1 − (2u∗ − 1)2                   2,2
             Linear increasing       ZL+            u∗                               2,1
             Linear decreasing       ZL−            1 − u∗                           1,2

Table 1: Kernel density functions on [α1 , α2 ].
u∗ denotes the rescaled value u∗ = (u − α1 )/(α2 − α1 ). Density functions are not scaled to integrate to 1.



    We next list the backtests to be implemented, assigning to each a unique mnemomic.

Binomial score test: the two-sided binomial score test at level α∗ (BIN);

Multinomial tests: the 3-point discrete uniform kernel (ZU3) and 3-point Pearson test
        (PE3);

Continuous spectral tests: univariate tests based on the uniform kernel (ZU); the arcsin
        kernel (ZA); Epanechnikov kernel (ZE); and increasing (ZL+ ) and decreasing (ZL− )
        linear kernels;

Continuous/mixed bispectral tests: we combine the increasing and decreasing linear
        kernels (ZLL) and we also apply the truncated probitnormal score test (PNS).

    We consider three different choices for the cdf F of the true model of Lt : the standard
normal, the scaled t5 and scaled t3 . The Student t distributions are scaled to have variance
one so differences stem from different tail shapes rather than different variances. We take
the risk manager’s model Fb to be the standard normal, i.e., we transform the sampled Lt to
PIT-values as Pt = Φ(Lt ). Therefore, when the samples of Lt are drawn from the standard
normal, the PIT-values are uniformly distributed and are used to evaluate the size of the
tests. The PIT samples arising from the Student t distributions show the kind of departures
from uniformity that are observed when the risk manager’s model is too thin-tailed.

                                                     16
   We fix a sample size n = 750 corresponding approximately to the three-year samples of
bank data studied in Section 6. In Table 2, we report the percentage of rejections of the
null hypothesis at the 5% confidence level based on 216 = 65,536 replications. All reported
p-values are based on two-sided tests, though one-sided versions of some tests are of course
available.

   window F | kernel BIN           ZU3     PE3     ZU     ZA      ZE    ZL+     ZL−    ZLL    PNS
   narrow     Normal         6.1     4.9    5.3 4.7 4.7 4.7              4.6     4.8    4.8     4.9
              Scaled t5     33.9    35.0   40.3 33.8 34.4 33.0          40.3    27.1   40.0    44.7
              Scaled t3     24.0    24.8   43.4 23.9 24.3 23.3          32.7    16.5   43.3    50.5
   wide       Normal         6.1     5.0    5.1 4.9 4.9 4.9              4.9     4.9    5.0     5.0
              Scaled t5     33.9    10.7   55.5 6.4 6.6 6.1             11.9     5.8   45.1    57.5
              Scaled t3     24.0    13.5   90.6 17.7 20.4 15.4           7.4    31.9   85.8    93.1

Table 2: Estimated size and power of unconditional Z-tests.
We report the percentage of rejections of the null hypothesis at the 5% confidence level based on
216 = 65,536 replications. The number of days in each backtest sample is n = 750. The narrow window is
[0.985, 0.995] and the wide window is [0.95, 0.995].



   In both narrow and wide windows, we observe that the size of the Z-tests is very close
to the nominal size of 5%, except in the case of the binomial score test, which is slightly
oversized. The power of the tests, in contrast, is sensitive to the choice of kernel. We
summarize the results as follows:

   1. Differences across tests in power are more pronounced on the wide window than on the
      narrow window. The monospectral tests (BIN, ZU, ZA, ZE, ZL+ , ZL− ) are broadly
      similar in power to the binomial score test on the narrow window.

   2. The monospectral tests offer more power against the scaled t5 model than the more
      fat-tailed scaled t3 model on the narrow window, but the opposite is true in most cases
      on the wide window.

   3. Increasing the window width reduces the power of most of the monospectral tests.

   4. For the wide window, the increasing linear kernel ZL+ offers more power than the


                                                  17
     decreasing linear kernel ZL− when the true model is the scaled t5 , but the opposite
     holds when the true model is the scaled t3 .

  5. The multispectral (PE3, ZLL, PNS) tests offer more power than the monospectral
     tests, but the differences are relatively small in the case of the narrow window when
     the true model is the scaled t5 .

   The first finding is easily understood. For the families of kernel densities in Table 1, the
associated function Gν converges to a step function as the window narrows. Put another way,
all kernel families degenerate to the binomial score kernel as the window shrinks around α∗ .
To illuminate the second finding, we plot in Figure 1 the distribution function for reported
PIT-values under each of the true models, i.e., Pr(Pt ⩽ u) = Pr (Lt ⩽ Φ−1 (u)) = F (Φ−1 (u)).
The cdf is simply the identity line (y = x) when the null hypothesis is true. Within the
narrow window of [0.985, 0.995], the cdf for the scaled t3 lies closer to the identity line on
average than does the cdf for the scaled t5 . The monospectral tests, being tests of the first
moment of Wt = Gν (Pt ), are sensitive to this distance, so have greater power against the
scaled t5 than the scaled t3 . On the wide window, however, the cdf for the scaled t5 lies
closer to the identity line on average, so the tests have greater power against the scaled t3 .
   The figure also illuminutes the third and fourth findings. Both of the scaled Student t
cdfs cross the identity line outside the boundaries of the narrow window, but near the middle
of the wide window. Crossings within the window reduce the average distance, so pose a
particular challenge for the monospectral tests. On the wide window, the scaled t5 cdf crosses
the identity line near 0.971, which is slightly below the midpoint. This slight asymmetry
favors the ZL+ kernel, which puts heavier weight on the upper side of the window. The
scaled t3 cdf crosses the identity line above the midpoint (near 0.982), and furthermore the
distance between the cdf and identity line is much larger at the lower end of the window.
This asymmetry favors the ZL− kernel.
   Finally, the greater power of the multispectral tests is most apparent when the kernel
window contains a crossing of the type just described. While the crossing reduces the average

                                              18
distance between the cdf of the reported PIT-values and the identity line, the cdf will be
too steep or too shallow. Cross-moments of the kernels in a multispectral test can effectively
detect such a slope violation. In contrast, when the cdf of the reported PIT-values lies
roughly parallel to the identity line throughout the kernel window (as is the case for the
scaled t5 in the narrow window), the advantage of the multispectral test is expected to be
less pronounced.

               1.00




               0.98




Pr(Pt ≤ PIT)




               0.96




                                                                          True model
                                                                                  Normal
                                                                                  Scaled t5
                                                                                  Scaled t3




                         0.950                                 0.985      0.995            1.000
                                                  PIT



Figure 1: Distribution functions for reported PIT-values.
CDFs for the reported PIT-values when the risk manager assumes standard normal losses (Fb = Φ) but the
true loss model F is standard normal (red line), scaled t5 (green liine) or scaled t3 (blue line).


                  In our companion paper [supplementary material], we study three additional dimen-
sions of test design. First within the set of discrete kernel Z-tests, we find that the 3-level
tests considered in Table 2 perform very similarly to their 5-level counterparts. Second, our
summary conclusions on Table 2 are robust to the choice of backtest sample size n. Third,
and most importantly, we find that the multinomial Z-tests and the probitnormal score test
outperform their corresponding likelihood ratio tests. The Z-tests are similar in power to

                                                        19
the LR-tests, but the LR-tests are less well sized.2 Therefore, we will henceforth limit our
attention to the class of Z-tests.
        As a general caveat, we do not advocate that power alone should dictate the choice of
kernel. A general intuition from our simulation studies is that a test is most powerful in
rejecting a false model when the kernel weights heavily on probability levels for which the
quantiles of the risk manager’s model diverge from the true quantiles. As historical simulation
in particular tends to understate the tails of the distribution, in practice we expect that the
most powerful tests will weight heavily on extreme probability levels. However, this can come
at the expense of the stability of the test, in the sense that the outcome can be determined by
the presence or absence of one or two very large reported PIT-values. Furthermore, testing
at very extreme tail values of α runs counter to a primary regulatory motivation for the
backtest, which is to verify the bank’s 99% VaR.



5         Tests of conditional coverage

While the unconditional tests of Section 4 have some limited power to detect the presence of
serial dependencies, the aim in this section is to propose conditional extensions of our spectral
tests that explicitly address the independence of Wt and Ft−1
                                                          ∗
                                                              as well as the correctness of the
distribution of Wt . These tests should have more power to detect departures from the null
hypothesis resulting from a bank’s failure to use all the information in Ft−1 when building the
predictive model Fbt , such as a failure to address time-varying volatility in adequate fashion.
        Our tests of conditional coverage extend the regression-based approach to testing condi-
tional coverage of VaR estimates and offer many new possibilities. They include a variant on
the widely-applied test of Christoffersen (1998) and subsume the dynamic quantile (DQ) test
of Engle and Manganelli (2004). The Christofferson test is an LR-test of first-order Markov
dependence in VaR exceedances and has been generalized to a multilevel test by Leccadito
et al. (2014). In the DQ test, VaR exceedance indicators are regressed on lagged exceedance
    2
        The superior performance of the Z-tests holds with a smaller backtest sample of n = 250 as well.


                                                       20
indicators and VaR estimates to assess whether exceedances occur independently at the
desired rate.


5.1    Tests of the martingale difference property

A necessary condition for null hypothesis (5) to hold is the martingale difference (MD)
property with respect to the regulator’s filtration (Ft∗ ):


                                                 ∗
                                    E(Wt − µW | Ft−1 )=0                                    (15)


where we recall that Ft∗ = σ({Ps : s ⩽ t}). When the MD property (15) holds, we must
have E(ht−1 (Wt − µW )) = 0 for any Ft−1
                                     ∗
                                         -measurable random variable ht−1 . Using a function
h, which we refer to as a conditioning variable transformation (CVT), we form the k + 1-
dimensional lagged vector ht−1 = (1, h(Pt−1 ), . . . , h(Pt−k ))′ . To guarantee the existence of
the second moment of ht−1 , we assume that (Pt ) is covariance-stationary and that h is
bounded. Particular examples that we will use in our empirical analysis are h(p) = 1{p⩾α}
for some α and h(p) = |2p − 1|c for c > 0.
                         ft ) denote the sequence of transformed reported PIT-values W
   For convenience, let (W                                                           ft =

Wt − µW centered at their theoretical mean µW . We base our test on the vector-valued
                  ft for t = k + 1, . . . , n. Under the null hypothesis (5), (Yt ) is a MD
process Yt = ht−1 W
sequence satisfying E(Yt | Ft−1
                            ∗
                                ) = 0. We want to test that Yk+1 , . . . , Yn are close to the
zero vector on average. We apply the conditional predictive test of Giacomini and White
(2006) which was developed for comparing forecasting methods, and which has also been
                                                                                 P
used by Nolde and Ziegel (2017) in the backtesting context. Let Y n,k = (n − k)−1 nt=k+1 Yt
and let Σ̂Y denote a consistent estimator of ΣY := cov(Yt ). Giacomini and White show that
under very weak assumptions, for large enough n and fixed k,


                                           ′
                                (n − k) Y n,k Σ̂−1         2
                                                Y Y n,k ∼ χk+1 .                            (16)



                                               21
                                                                                  Pn
Giacomini and White (2006) use the estimator Σ̂GW
                                               Y  = (n − k)−1                      t=k+1 Yt Yt but we can
                                                                                              ′


                    f 2 | F ∗ ) = σ 2 for all t under the null hypothesis (5) to form an
use the fact that E(Wt     t−1     W

alternative estimator. We compute that


                                   ∗
                                                              
                  ΣY = E(cov(Yt | Ft−1 )) = E E Yt Yt′ | Ft−1
                                                           ∗

                                                                    
                                          = E ht−1 h′t−1 E Wf2 | F ∗        2
                                                                         = σW H                           (17)
                                                              t   t−1


                      
where H = E ht−1 h′t−1 , which suggests the estimator Σ̂Y = σW
                                                             2
                                                               Ĥ where3

                                                           n
                                                           X
                                     Ĥ = (n − k)     −1
                                                                   ht−1 h′t−1 .                           (18)
                                                           t=k+1


       The decomposition in (17) has the advantage that it generalizes our unconditional spectral
Z-test, which corresponds to the case k = 0. The case k = 1 may be viewed as a Z-test version
of the first-order Markov chain test of Christoffersen (1998). To see that the conditional
test also embeds the DQ test statistic proposed by Engle and Manganelli (2004), let X be
the (n − k) × (k + 1) matrix whose rows are given by ht−1 for t = k + 1, . . . , n and let
f = (W
W    fk+1 , . . . , W
                    fn )′ . It follows that

                                               n
                                               X
                             2
                      Σ̂Y = σW (n − k)−1              ht−1 h′t−1 = σW
                                                                    2
                                                                      (n − k)−1 X ′ X
                                              t=k+1


                          f so that (16) may be rewritten as
and Y n,k = (n − k)−1 X ′ W


                                     −2 f ′             f ∼ χ2 .
                                    σW W X(X ′ X)−1 X ′ W    k+1                                          (19)


The DQ test corresponds to the binomial score case, i.e., the case where Wt = 1{Pt ⩾α} and
the CVT is h(p) = 1{p⩾α} 4 ’
   3
     It would also be possible to use a heteroscedasticity and autocorrelation-consistent (HAC) estimator of
ΣY (Newey and West, 1987; Andrews, 1991). Our preferred estimator has the advantage of higher sensitivity
to deviations from the null hypothesis of zero serial correlation.
   4
     Engle and Manganelli (2004) allow as well for lagged VaR values to be included as regressors, an extension


                                                       22
    It is straightforward to generalize the conditional spectral Z-test to a conditional bispec-
tral Z-test; see Appendix B.


5.2     Size and power

We build on the Monte Carlo exercises of Section 4.3 to study the size and power of the
conditional tests of coverage. Here we present a representative extract of simulation studies
documented in our companion paper [supplementary material]. The data are generated
from three different “true” models: iid standard normal; a time series model with underly-
ing ARMA(1,1) structure and standard normal marginals; and a model with underlying
ARMA(1,1) structure and scaled t5 marginal distribution. Our calibration of the ARMA pa-
rameters (AR = 0.95, MA = -0.85) is described in the companion paper [supplementary
material] and is designed to mimic the serial dependence in PIT values when stochastic
volatility is neglected. As in Section 4.3, we assume the risk manager reports PIT-values
based on the standard normal model Fb = Φ.
    In addition to a choice of kernel, the MD test requires the choice of the number (k) of
lagged PIT values and the conditioning variable transformation h(P ). Define V (u) = |2u−1|;
this V-shaped transformation of PIT values is well-suited to uncover dependence arising from
stochastic volatility. As listed in Table 3, we consider four candidates for the CVT. Whereas
the DQ requires only a time-series of traditional exceedance indicators, the three CVT based
on the V (u) transformation require that the regulator observe PIT values.

 Mnemonic h(P )                Description
 DQ             1{P ⩾0.99}     Flags upper-tail PIT values, as in Engle and Manganelli (2004).
 V.BIN          1{V (P )⩾0.98} Two-tailed version of DQ, flags PIT values near zero or one.
 V.4            V (P )4
                p              Places heavier weight on tail PIT values in the recent past.
 V.1⁄2             V (P )      Dampens sensitivity to tail PIT values relative to V.4.

Table 3: Conditioning variable transformations. V (u) ≡ |2u − 1|

possible in our framework, but change in portfolio composition implies that lagged VaR values are less
informative than lagged PIT values.



                                                    23
    Table 4 gives a flavor of the main findings for the example of the uniform kernel (ZU)
and the narrow kernel window of [0.985, 0.995]. We report the percentage of rejections of
the null hypothesis at the 5% confidence level based on 216 = 65,536 replications. In the
first column (CVT=“None”), we set k = 0 to obtain the unconditional Z-test. Each of the
remaining columns corresponds to a CVT with k = 4. As seen in the first row (iid standard
normal model), size is more difficult to control in the conditional tests. However, the CVT
choices V.4 and V.1⁄2 are only slightly oversized whereas V.BIN and, in particular, DQ are
very oversized.
    The model depicted in the second row gives uniformly distributed PIT values with a
serial dependence structure that is typical when stochastic volatility is ignored. The power
of the unconditional test in this situation is very limited (10.8%), while the MD tests show
power ranging from 21.7% to 32.6%. There is a further increase in power when the simulated
PIT data are both non-uniform and serially dependent (third row).

          F             Serial Dependence | CVT          None    DQ      V.BIN     V.4     V.1⁄2
          Normal        None                             4.8     14.4 9.0          6.7 6.7
          Normal        ARMA(1, 1)                       10.8    31.5 30.9         32.6 21.7
          Scaled t5     ARMA(1, 1)                       36.2    54.9 52.7         60.7 54.5

Table 4: Estimated size and power of conditional tests.
MD tests using the ZU kernel on the narrow window [0.985, 0.995]. We report the percentage of rejections
of the null hypothesis at the 5% confidence level based on 216 = 65,536 replications. The number of days in
each backtest sample is n = 750. ARMA parameters are AR = 0.95, MA = -0.85.




6     Application to bank-reported PIT values

6.1     Data

Our data consist of ten confidential backtesting samples provided by US banks to the Federal
Reserve Board at the subportfolio level. Mandatory reporting to bank regulators pursuant
to the Market Risk Rule took effect on January 1, 2013. For each significant subportfolio
and each business day, the bank is required to report the overnight VaR at the 99% level, the

                                                    24
realized clean P&L, and the associated PIT-value (Federal Register, 2012, p. 53105). While
the first two fields have been available to regulators for a long time (at least at an aggregate
trading book level), access to PIT values is new. Each of our ten samples represents returns
on an equity or foreign exchange subportfolio, which can include derivative as well as cash
positions. Our samples are taken from the three-year period from 2014–2016.
   Summary statistics for the unconditional distributions are found in Table 5. As is often
the case with new regulatory reporting requirements, the data are not uniform in quality.
Two of the samples (coded Pf 104 and Pf 110) have missing values (0.9% and 3.2% of trading
days, respectively). Furthermore, close inspection reveals that most of the samples contain
a small number of observations that are potentially spurious. In a few extreme cases, a
PIT value of 1 is matched to a realized loss smaller than the forecast VaR. We apply a
heuristic procedure to identify spurious values based on the distance between the reported
PIT-value and an imputed value. The latter is constructed using a portfolio-specific model
that fits PIT to the ratio of realized loss to VaR; details are provided in Appendix C. In test
results reported below, we treat spurious values as missing to make the tests less sensitive to
reporting error. Our conclusions are robust to taking all non-missing observations as valid.
   Remaining columns of the table provide a histogram of PIT values. For some portfolios,
tail PIT values are underrepresented (e.g., Pf 107) or overrepresented (e.g., Pf 105) in the
sample. For some other portfolios, the histograms appear to be close to uniform, e.g., for
Pf 110, 85.9% of PIT values lie in [0.05, 0.95) and remaining mass is distributed roughly
symmetrically.


6.2    Tests of unconditional coverage

Due to the generality of our framework, application of spectral backtests to data involves
choices along several dimensions. As in Section 4.3, we fix α∗ = 0.99 as the conventional VaR
level, define a narrow window as [0.985, 0.995] and a wide window as [0.95, 0.995]. Kernels
are drawn from Table 1. Guided by our simulation results and the need for brevity, we


                                              25
         ID    Trading days           of which:                                                 Frequencies
                                 Missing Spurious        [0, .005)   [.005, .015)   [.015, .05) [.05, .95) [.95, .985)      [.985, .995)   [.995, 1]
        101               756           0            0    0.0132         0.0172        0.0357      0.8796        0.0317         0.0106      0.0119
        102               751           0            7    0.0027         0.0108        0.0215      0.9113        0.0323         0.0121      0.0094
        103               750           0            8    0.0040         0.0040        0.0189      0.9474        0.0162         0.0081      0.0013
        104               774           7            0    0.0000         0.0000        0.0026      0.9804        0.0104         0.0013      0.0052
        105               750           0            2    0.0174         0.0214        0.0294      0.8596        0.0388         0.0187      0.0147
26
        106               629           0            1    0.0111         0.0191        0.0510      0.8328        0.0557         0.0175      0.0127
        107               750           0            1    0.0000         0.0000        0.0013      0.9960        0.0027         0.0000      0.0000
        108               756           0            8    0.0000         0.0053        0.0267      0.9278        0.0174         0.0120      0.0107
        109               734           0            6    0.0082         0.0151        0.0495      0.8654        0.0371         0.0206      0.0041
        110               774          25            0    0.0134         0.0200        0.0507      0.8585        0.0427         0.0107      0.0040

     Table 5: Sample statistics.
     Missing and spurious observations excluded from the reported frequencies. Sample period is 2014-01-01 to 2016-12-31.
exclusively employ two-sided Z-tests in our empirical analysis.
       Table 6 presents p-values for the tests of unconditional coverage.5 We find that the
forecast models for portfolios Pf 105, Pf 106 and Pf 107 are rejected at the 1% level for all
kernels and on both the narrow and wide kernel windows. In view of the histograms observed
in Table 5, this is unsurprising. When an empirical distribution function (edf) lies above
the uniform cdf within the kernel window (as observed for Pf 107), large PIT values are
underepresented in the sample, which suggests that the forecast model overstates the upper
quantiles of the loss distribution. When an edf lies below the uniform cdf (as observed for
Pf 105 and Pf 106), large PIT values are overrepresented in the sample, which suggests that
the forecast model understates the upper quantiles. By contrast, there are no rejections at
all for Pf 110, for which the edf is reasonably close to the theoretical cdf throughout the
upper tail.
       For the remaining six portfolios, test results are sensitive to the choice of kernel. This
is to be expected and desirable, as the different tests prioritize different quantiles of the
unconditional distribution. To shed light on the differences, in Figure 2 we plot the edf for
three portfolios on the narrow window (upper panel) and wide window (lower panel). This
plot is the empirical counterpart to Figure 1 in Section 4.3. For Pf 104, we observe that the
edf intersects with the theoretical cdf at the common upper window boundary α2 = 0.995,
but lies above the theoretical cdf at lower PIT values. Over the wide window, the average
distance between edf and theoretical cdf is large, so any test that assigns significant weight to
PIT values near the center of the window will reject. When restricted to the narrow window,
the average distance is reduced, so the tests fail to reject. The edf for portfolio Pf 103 (not
shown) is qualitatively close to that of Pf 104, which explains the similarity in test results.
       The edf for portfolio Pf 108 lies somewhat below and roughly parallel to the theoretical
cdf throughout the narrow window. Tests reject at the 5% level for some of the kernels and
   5
    All p-values in the tables below should be interpreted in the context of a single test of the null hypothesis.
If multiple tests are conducted, inferences would have to be based on a standard correction method such as
that of Bonferroni; see Shaffer (1995) for a review.



                                                       27
                     ID    window        BIN       ZU3       PE3        ZU         ZA        ZE       ZL+       ZL−       ZLL       PNS
                           narrow     0.1046 0.0340 0.0502 0.0356 0.0294 0.0436 0.0230 0.0572 0.0595 0.0352
                    101
                           wide       0.1046 0.1407 0.0593 0.2050 0.2300 0.1718 0.0610 0.4243 0.0128 0.0296
                           narrow     0.0016 0.0200 0.0027 0.0800 0.0795 0.0802 0.1346 0.0558 0.1085 0.2153
                    102
                           wide       0.0016 0.0063 0.0121 0.2456 0.2484 0.2797 0.2114 0.2898 0.4477 0.2238
                           narrow     0.1029 0.1158 0.4212 0.0987 0.1134 0.0882 0.1094 0.0995 0.2545 0.2804
                    103
                           wide       0.1029 0.0035 0.0229 0.0058 0.0041 0.0083 0.0156 0.0038 0.0126 0.0091
                           narrow     0.1829 0.1691 0.1119 0.1651 0.1678 0.1633 0.3063 0.0987 0.0767 0.0657
                    104
                           wide       0.1829 0.0010 0.0002 0.0004 0.0003 0.0005 0.0031 0.0002 0.0003 0.0001
                           narrow     0.0000 0.0000 0.0001 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000
                    105
                           wide       0.0000 0.0000 0.0002 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0001 0.0001 0.0000
                           narrow     0.0005 0.0004 0.0055 0.0010 0.0008 0.0012 0.0019 0.0007 0.0033 0.0036
28                  106
                           wide       0.0005 0.0000 0.0001 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000
                           narrow     0.0059 0.0018 0.0097 0.0026 0.0020 0.0032 0.0062 0.0016 0.0053 0.0033
                    107
                           wide       0.0059 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000
                           narrow     0.0166 0.0213 0.0933 0.0311 0.0290 0.0301 0.0191 0.0520 0.0482 0.0635
                    108
                           wide       0.0166 0.6971 0.0052 0.8422 0.8168 0.8545 0.5358 0.4445 0.0034 0.0070
                           narrow     0.5217 0.2499 0.0222 0.1358 0.1237 0.1712 0.3171 0.0634 0.0165 0.0225
                    109
                           wide       0.5217 0.2584 0.3373 0.0563 0.0715 0.0525 0.0503 0.0706 0.1471 0.2814
                           narrow     0.8514 0.9479 0.8692 0.6660 0.7719 0.6123 0.6321 0.7032 0.8737 0.9856
                    110
                           wide       0.8514 0.5407 0.6916 0.3017 0.2932 0.3442 0.4527 0.2325 0.3407 0.6253

     Table 6: Tests of unconditional coverage.
     We report p-values by portfolio, kernel window, and kernel family. Narrow kernel window is [0.985,0.995] and wide kernel window is [0.95,0.995].
     Sample period is 2014-01-01 to 2016-12-31.
fail to reject for others, but the p-values all lie between 1.5% and 10%. When we consider
the wide window, we find that the edf lies above the theoretical cdf in the lower half of the
window and below in the upper half, which implies that the forecast model underestimates
quantiles at one boundary of the kernel window and overestimates quantiles at the other
boundary, i.e., a slope deviation from the uniform cdf. As shown in Section 4.3, bispectral
tests generally outperform monospectral tests in this situation. We find that the tests based
on the bivariate ZLL and PNS kernels and the trivariate Pearson kernel reject at the 1%
level. The edf for portfolio Pf 101 (not shown) also displays a slope violation on the wide
window, and again we find the bivariate ZLL and PNS kernels most effective.
   In the case of portfolio Pf 109, the edf displays a slope violation within the narrow
window. As before, we find that the tests based on the bivariate ZLL and PNS kernels
and the trivariate Pearson kernel reject at the 5% level, whereas the monospectral tests all
fail to reject. On the wide window, the edf lies uniformly below the theoretical cdf, so the
slope violation loses salience. The bispectral and trispectral tests now fail to reject, whereas
several of the monospectral tests reject at a 10% level.


6.3    Tests of conditional coverage

In this section, we emphasize the role of the conditioning variable transformation h(P )
in revealing serial dependence in PIT-values. For parsimony, we consider only a subset
of the kernels used in the previous section. We include the binomial score kernel (BIN)
as representative of the traditional test, the uniform kernel (ZU) as representative of the
continuous monospectral tests, and the (ZLL) as representative of the multispectral tests.
We fix k = 4 lags in the monospectral tests which corresponds to looking at dependencies
over a time horizon of one trading week. To facilitate comparison to the monospectral tests,
we fix (k1 = 4, k2 = 0) for the bispectral ZLL test.
   Missing or spurious values may be especially troublesome in a test of conditional coverage
because a PIT value missing at time t introduces missing regressors at t + 1, . . . , t + k. To


                                              29
                        Narrow window

                1.000




                0.995




                0.990                                                          Portfolio



Empirical CDF
                                                                                    101
                                                                                    103
                                                                                    104
                                                                                    108
                                                                                    109
                0.985




                0.980




                0.975

                         0.980          0.985   0.990          0.995   1.000
                                                 PIT

                       Wide window

                1.00




                0.98

                                                                               Portfolio



Empirical CDF
                                                                                    103
                                                                                    105
                                                                                    106
                                                                                    108
                                                                                    109

                0.96




                0.94

                                         0.96           0.98           1.00
                                                PIT


Figure 2: Empirical distribution functions for select portfolios.
EDFs for narrow kernel window (upper panel) and wide kernel window (lower panel). The uniform cdf is
plotted as a dashed black line.


                                                          30
avoid losing the subsequent k observations, we replace missing or spurious Pt−ℓ with an
inputed value when computing the lagged vector ht−1 . (As in the tests of unconditional
coverage, we do not impute missing Pt to backfill the dependent variables Wt , but simply
drop these observations.) Details of our imputation algorithm are found in Appendix C.
   Table 7 presents p-values for the tests of conditional coverage. For portfolios Pf 105,
Pf 106 and Pf 108, forecast models are strongly rejected (always at the 1% level, and nearly
always at the 0.01% level) regardless of the choice of CVT or kernel; for brevity we drop
these portfolios from the table. For only a single portfolio (Pf 109), the forecast model is
never rejected. In the other six cases, choice of CVT and kernel matters.
   For portfolios Pf 102 and Pf 110, the V.4 CVT generally leads to rejection at the 5% level,
whereas tests using the DQ CVT generally do not. The V.BIN and V.1⁄2 CVT are effective
in many cases, but appear less robust than V.4. This reflects the greater sensitivity of the
V.4 transformation to local spikes in market volatility. In the case of portfolio Pf 103, the
tests reject on the wide window except when using the DQ CVT.
   For portfolios Pf 101 and Pf 104, variation in p-value across tests is driven primarily by
kernel choice, and in a manner consistent with the tests of unconditional coverage in Table
6. Thus, for these two portfolios, serial dependence in the PIT-values does not appear to be
the salient shortcoming in the forecast model.
   In the case of Pf 107, the test statistic is undefined for the DQ CVT and its two-tailed
counterpart (V.BIN). As there were no observed violations in either tail (Pt < .01 or Pt >
.99), in both cases the matrix Ĥ of (18) is singular, so Σ̂Y in the test statistic cannot be
inverted. This demonstrates a practical limitation of a binary-valued CVT, as short samples
may often contain no tail values. Observe also that the backtest fails to reject for the
remaining two CVT on the narrow window, even though the forecast model for this portfolio
is strongly rejected by the unconditional tests. Since Pt < α1 = 0.985 for all t, Wt has a
degenerate distribution in the sample. In this situation, it may be shown that the conditional
test statistic is invariant to the CVT and to k and is equal to the unconditional test statistic.


                                               31
                                                narrow window         wide window
                     ID    CVT          BIN        ZU     ZLL           ZU     ZLL
                        DQ            0.0017 0.0002       0.0020 0.0342 0.0092
                        V.BIN         0.0084 0.0002       0.0009 0.0513 0.0115
                    101
                        V.4           0.0062 0.0003       0.0007 0.0921 0.0230
                        V.1⁄2         0.0658 0.0063       0.0078 0.1376 0.0301
                        DQ            0.0088 0.0975       0.1448 0.1873 0.1443
                        V.BIN         0.0119 0.4716       0.3441 0.0201 0.0147
                    102
                        V.4           0.0000 0.0086       0.0023 0.0003 0.0006
                        V.1⁄2         0.0000 0.0239       0.0111 0.0004 0.0005
                        DQ            0.7540 0.7429       0.8408 0.1787 0.1879
                        V.BIN         0.0773 0.0426       0.1331 0.0068 0.0149
                    103
                        V.4           0.3064 0.1372       0.2286 0.0074 0.0088
                        V.1⁄2         0.5209 0.4194       0.5181 0.0318 0.0276
                        DQ            0.8732 0.8501       0.5202 0.0295 0.0138
                        V.BIN         0.8700 0.8456       0.5167 0.0289 0.0135
                    104
                        V.4           0.3225 0.2013       0.1287 0.0034 0.0022
                        V.1⁄2         0.2085 0.0976       0.0689 0.0016 0.0011
                        DQ               NA     NA           NA     NA     NA
                        V.BIN            NA     NA           NA     NA     NA
                    107
                        V.4           0.1844 0.1071       0.1085 0.0001 0.0000
                        V.1⁄2         0.1844 0.1071       0.1085 0.0001 0.0000
                        DQ            0.9917 0.6351       0.0548 0.1465 0.1383
                        V.BIN         0.8041 0.7510       0.1179 0.4522 0.5170
                    109
                        V.4           0.8929 0.8603       0.2067 0.5578 0.6225
                        V.1⁄2         0.9313 0.6389       0.1327 0.4766 0.5266
                        DQ            0.2658 0.3058       0.4121 0.1661 0.1395
                        V.BIN         0.0041 0.0006       0.0009 0.0044 0.0108
                    110
                        V.4           0.0093 0.0008       0.0012 0.0100 0.0352
                        V.1⁄2         0.1403 0.0513       0.0840 0.1508 0.2823

Table 7: Tests of conditional coverage.
We report test p-values by portfolio, conditioning variable transformation, kernel window and kernel family.
The monospectral tests utilize k = 4 lags, and for the ZLL bispectral test we set (k1 = 4, k2 = 0). Narrow
kernel window is [0.985,0.995] and wide kernel window is [0.95,0.995]. Sample period is 2014-01-01 to
2016-12-31. Forecast models for Pf 105, Pf 106 and Pf 108 (not tabulated) are rejected at the 1% level for
all choices of CVT and kernel.




                                                    32
Recalling that the test statistic has distribution χ21+k under the null hypothesis, we find that
the p-value increases with k. This explains why unconditional backtests may have greater
power than conditional backtests in situations where an overly conservative forecast model
leads to degeneracy in Wt .



7     Conclusion

The class of spectral backtests embeds many of the most widely used tests of unconditional
coverage and tests of conditional coverage, including the binomial likelihood ratio test of Ku-
piec (1995), the interval likelihood ratio test of Berkowitz (2001), and the dynamic quantile
test of Engle and Manganelli (2004). As we demonstrate with many examples, viewing these
tests in terms of the associated kernels facilitates the construction of new tests. From the
perspective of the practice of risk management, making explicit the choice of kernel measure
may help to discipline the backtesting process because the kernel directly expresses the user’s
priorities for model performance.
    Different kernels are sensitive to different deviations from the null hypothesis. A tester
who only cares about systematic under- or overestimation of quantiles within a narrow range
is well served by a number of single kernels, discrete and continuous. A tester who wants
to ensure maximum fidelity of the forecast models to the true distributions across a wider
range of quantiles may worry more about slope violations (overestimation of quantiles at one
end of a window and underestimation at the other). Such a tester may favor a multispectral
test. However, to promote a single “best” test from the spectral family would be contrary to
the philosophy of our contribution, and we refrain from doing so. The tester should reflect
on performance priorities and select her kernel accordingly.
    Our results illustrate the value to regulators of access to bank-reported PIT-values. Until
recently, regulators effectively observed only a sequence of VaR exceedance event indicators
at a single level α, and therefore backtests were designed to take such data as input. In some



                                              33
jurisdictions, including the United States, PIT-values have been collected for some time.
Besides enabling the formation of spectral test statistics, lagged PIT-values are especially
effective as conditioning variables in regression-based tests of conditional coverage.



A      Proofs

A.1      Proof of Theorem 3.1

Let G1 and G2 be the increasing, right-continuous functions associated with the measures ν1
and ν2 . It follows that Wt∗ = G1 (Pt )G2 (Pt ). The function G∗ (u) = G1 (u)G2 (u) must also be
increasing and right-continuous and can thus be used to define a Lebesgue-Stieltjes measure
ν ∗ by setting ν ∗ ({0}) = G∗ (0) = 0 and ν ∗ ((a, b]) = G∗ (b) − G∗ (a) for any 0 ⩽ a < b ⩽ 1. It
follows that Wt∗ = G∗ (Pt ) = ν ∗ ([0, Pt ]).
    The formula for ν ∗ is obtained by applying the integration-by-parts formula for the
Lebesgue-Stieltjes integral (Hewitt, 1960, Theorem A).


A.2      Proof of Proposition 3.2

Since Gν (u) = O((1 − u)−1/2+ϵ ) as u → 1 for some small ϵ, there exists a value u0 and a
positive constant C such that Gν (u) ⩽ C(1 − u)−1/2+ϵ for u ⩾ u0 . Let ū be the larger of u0
and the last point at which Gν is not differentiable (there are only finitely so many points
by Assumption 1). We can decompose (9) as

             Z                                           Z
 E(Wt2 ) =             (1−u) (2Gν (u) − ν({u})) dν(u)+            (1−u) (2Gν (u) − ν({u})) dν(u) (A.1)
              [0,ū]                                     (ū,1]



The integrand in the first term is bounded above by 2Gν (ū) and so the integral is finite. We
only need to prove the finiteness of the second term which can be written as

Z 1                                Z 1                                                  Z 1
                                          d                           1
     (1 − u)2Gν (u)gν (u)du =    (1 − u)    Gν (u)2 du = Gν (u)2 (1 − u) ū +                 Gν (u)2 du
  ū                          ū         du                                              ū


                                                  34
using integration by parts.
    Since 0 ⩽ Gν (u)2 (1 − u) ⩽ C 2 (1 − u)2ϵ for u ⩾ ū and (1 − u)2ϵ → 0 as u → 1, it follows
                        1
that [Gν (u)2 (1 − u)]ū = −Gν (ū)2 (1 − ū). Moreover, the second term is finite because

                       Z 1                          Z 1
                                                                                 1
                             Gν (u) du ⩽ C
                                  2             2
                                                          (1 − u)−1+2ϵ du =         (1 − ū)2ϵ .
                        ū                           ū                          2ϵ


A.3      Proof of Theorem 3.3

Let pt denote the realized value of Pt and wt,j = Gj (pt ) the corresponding realized value of
Wt,j for t = 1, . . . , n and j = 1, 2. There are two cases to consider. Either pt occurs in an
interval where the right derrivative of Gj is 0 or in an interval where the right derivative
is positive. Let Gj denote the subset of [0, 1] consisting of all points for which the right
derivative of Gj equals zero.
    If pt ∈ Gj then, by the right-continuity of Gj , pt must occur in an interval of the form
[at,j , bt,j ) (if there is a jump in Gj at bt,j ) or [at,j , bt,j ] (if Gj is continuous at bt,j ). In either
case the contribution of wt,j to the likelihood is


                   P (Wt,j = wt,j ) = P (Gj (Pt ) = Gj (pt )) = FP (bt,j ) − FP (at,j ) .


If Pt ̸∈ Gj then wt,j satisfies P(Wt,j ⩽ wt,j ) = P(Pt ⩽ pt ) and pt = G−1
                                                                        j (wt,j ), the unique

inverse of Gj at wt,j . The contribution to the likelihood is a density contribution given by

                                                                 fP (pt | θ)
                                       fW (wt,j | θ) =                       .
                                                                  G′j (pt )

The general form of the realized likelihood given wj = (w1,j , . . . , wn,j )′ is thus

                                        Y                                     Y fP (pt ) | θ)
                     LWj (θ | wj ) =            (FP (bt,j ) − FP (at,j ))
                                       pt ∈Gj                                pt ̸∈Gj
                                                                                       G′j (pt )


For the measures ν1 and ν2 the sets G1 and G2 may differ at most by a null set. Let us assume


                                                            35
that each realized point pt is either in both of the sets G1 and G2 or in neither of the sets.
    If pt ∈ G1 and pt ∈ G2 then the agreement of the supports on (0, 1) implies that at,1 = at,2
and bt,1 = bt,2 . Thus the likelihood contributions are identical.
    If pt ̸∈ G1 and pt ̸∈ G2 then the likelihoods differ only by the scaling factor G′j (pt ) which
does not involve the parameters θ. This factor will appear in the log-likelihood only as an
unimportant additive term and cancel out of the LR test statistic.
    It follows that the likelihoods LWj (θ | wj ) are maximized by the same values θ̂ and the
LR-test statistics are identical.


A.4      Proof of Theorem 4.1

Let Xt = (Xt,0 , . . . , Xt,m )′ be the (m + 1)-dimensional random vector with Xt,i = 1{1′ Wt =i}
for i = 0, . . . , m. Under (5) Xt has a multinomial distribution satisfying E(Xt,i ) = θi ,
var(Xt,i ) = θi (1 − θi ) and cov(Xt,i , Xt,j ) = −θi θj for i ̸= j.
    Now define Yt to be the m-dimensional random vector obtained from Xt by omitting the
first component. Then E(Yt ) = θ = (θ1 , . . . , θm )′ and ΣY is the m × m submatrix of cov(Xt )
                                                                          P
resulting from deletion of the first row and column. Let Y = n−1 nt=1 Yt . A standard
approach to the asymptotics of the Pearson test is to show that

               m
               X                   Xm   P
                 (Oi − nθi )2          ( nt=1 Xt,i − nθi )2
        Sm =                     =                          = n(Y − θ)′ Σ−1
                                                                         Y (Y − θ),          (A.2)
               i=0
                        nθi        i=0
                                              nθi


and hence to argue that Sm ∼ χ2m in the limit as n → ∞ by the central limit theorem. It
remains to show that the right-hand side of (A.2) has the spectral test representation (7).
    Let A be the m × m matrix with rows given by (e1 − e2 , e2 − e3 , . . . , em ) where ei denotes
the ith unit vector. It may be easily verified that Yt = AWt , θ = AµW and ΣY = AΣW A′ .
It follows that


                  n(W − µW )′ Σ−1                    ′ −1
                               W (W − µW ) = n(Y − θ) ΣY (Y − θ) = Sm .




                                                    36
B        Conditional bispectral Z-test

The conditional spectral Z-test generalizes to a conditional multispectral Z-test. In the
bispectral case, we construct two sets of transformed reported PIT-values (Wt,1 , Wt,2 ) for
t = 1, . . . , n, and form the vector Yt of length k1 + k2 + 2 given by

                                                                   ′
                                                  ft,1 , h′
                                     Yt = h′t−1,1 W             ft,2 ,
                                                                W                                           (B.1)
                                                          t−1,2




where W ft,i = Wt,i − µW,i and ht−1,i = (1, hi (Pt−1 ), . . . , hi (Pt−k ))′ . Parallel to the univariate
                                                                        i
                           P
case, let Y n,k = (n−k)−1 nt=k+1 Yt for k = k1 ∨k2 , and let Σ̂Y denote a consistent estimator
of ΣY := cov(Yt ). By the theory of Giacomini and White (2006), for n large and (k1 , k2 )
fixed,
                                               ′
                                   (n − k) Y n,k Σ̂−1         2
                                                   Y Y n,k ∼ χk1 +k2 +2 .                                   (B.2)

    Working under the null hypothesis, we can generalize (17) to ΣY = AW ◦ H, where ◦
denotes element-by-element multiplication (Hadamard product). The matrices are

                                                                                                         
                                                    
      E                  E
              ht−1,1 h′t−1,1        ht−1,1 h′t−1,2                         2
                                                                        σW,1 Jk1 +1,k1 +1
                                                                           σW,12 Jk1 +1,k2 +1 
    H=                                    , A W =                                        
        E ht−1,2 h′t−1,1 E ht−1,2 h′t−1,2                                   2
                                                        σW,12 Jk2 +1,k1 +1 σW,2 Jk2 +1,k2 +1
                                                                                                            (B.3)
                                                                                               
                                                          ft,1 W
where Jm,n denotes the m × n matrix of ones and σW,12 = E W    ft,2 . Our tests use the

estimator Σ̂Y = AW ◦ Ĥ, where Ĥ generalizes (18) as

                                                   n
                                                   X
                 Ĥ = (n − (k1 ∨ k2 ))   −1
                                                              (h′t−1,1 , h′t−1,2 )′ (h′t−1,1 , h′t−1,2 ).   (B.4)
                                              t=(k1 ∨k2 )+1




C        Identification of spurious PIT values

Consider a stylized Gaussian model in which loss is given by Lt = σt−1 Zt , where (Zt ) is an iid
sequence of standard normal random variables and volatility σt−1 is Ft−1 -measurable. Time



                                                         37
variation in σt may arise from stochastic volatility or from changes over time in portfolio
composition. Suppose that the risk-manager knows the true underlying distribution and
                                                                                    dt =
the volatility. The risk-manager’s ideal value-at-risk forecast at α = 0.99 is then VaR
Φ−1 (0.99)σt−1 , where Φ is the standard normal cdf. We do not observe σt−1 , but from
                 d t , we can back out the realized value of Zt as
observing Lt and VaR


                                                        d t.
                                  Zt = Φ−1 (0.99) × Lt /VaR                                   (C.1)


Furthermore, the PIT values can be expressed as


                             Pt = Fbt−1 (Lt ) = Φ(Lt /σt−1 ) = Φ(Zt ).                        (C.2)


    In general, we would not expect the Zt to be Gaussian, so (C.2) will not hold. However,
so long as (Zt ) is iid, there will still be a monotonic relationship between Zt (as defined
by (C.1)) and Pt . We find that the predicted relationship holds qualitatively for all bank-
reported portfolios, but with more noise in some portfolios than in others. This suggests
that we can use violations of monotonicity to identify spurious PIT values, but the threshold
for identification must vary across portfolios.
    Let H(z; θi ) : R → [0, 1] be a family of fitting functions with parameter θi for portfolio i,
and replace (C.2) by
                                     Pi,t = H(Zi,t ; θi ) + ϵi,t                              (C.3)

where the ϵi,t are white-noise residuals. Since the H function should be increasing, it is
convenient to take H to be a cdf, even though it does not have a statistical interpretation
in our context. For convenience, we take H to be the normal cdf with unrestricted (µi , σi )
as θi .
    For each portfolio i, we proceed as follows:

   1. Fit θi by nonlinear least squares, and construct residuals ϵit = Pit − H(Zit ; θ̂i ).


                                                 38
  2. The (ϵit ) are bounded in the open interval (−1, 1), because H(Zit ) does not produce
     boundary values. We model ϵit as drawn from a rescaled beta distribution on (−1, 1)
     with parameters (a = τi /2, b = τi /2). This distribution has mean zero and variance
     1/(τi + 1), so we simply fit τi to the variance of the regression residuals.

  3. Let B(ϵ; τ̂i ) be the fitted beta distribution. We flag an observation Pit as spurious
     whenever B(ϵit ; τ̂i ) < q/2 or B(ϵit ; τ̂i ) > 1 − q/2, where q is a tolerance parameter.

  4. We reestimate τi as in step 3 on a sample that excludes the spurious observations.
     Repeat step 4 with the updated τ̂i . An observation is flagged as spurious if it is
     rejected in either round of estimation.

   In our baseline procedure, we set the tolerance parameter to q = 10−5 , which is intended
                                                                                d it ). A
to flag only the most egregious inconsistencies between Pit and the pair (Lit , VaR
typical case involves a PIT value very close to zero or one associated with a modest P&L
                   d it . Setting q = 0 is equivalent to shutting down the identification of
such that |Lit | < VaR
spurious values.
   The procedure yields imputed PIT values as P̂it = H(Zit ; θ̂i ). As noted in Section 6.3,
we use the imputed values to fill in for spurious values in forming regressors in the tests of
conditional coverage.


References
Acerbi, C., and B. Szekely, 2014, Back-testing expected shortfall, Risk 1–6.

Amisano, G., and R. Giacomini, 2007, Comparing density forecasts via weighted likelihood
 ratio tests, Journal of Business & Economic Statistics 25, 177–190.

Andrews, D.W.K., 1991, Heteroskedasticity and autocorrelation consistent covariance matrix
 estimation, Econometrica 59, 817–858.

Barone-Adesi, G., F. Bourgoin, and K. Giannopoulos, 1998, Don’t look back, Risk 11, 100–
  103.

Basel Committee on Bank Supervision, 2013, Fundamental review of the trading book: A
  revised market risk framework, Publication No. 265, Bank for International Settlements.

                                               39
Berkowitz, J., 2001, Testing the accuracy of density forecasts, applications to risk manage-
  ment, Journal of Business & Economic Statistics 19, 465–474.

Berkowitz, J., and J. O’Brien, 2002, How accurate are Value-at-Risk models at commercial
  banks?, The Journal of Finance 57, 1093–1112.

Billingsley, P., 1961, The Lindeberg–Lévy theorem for martingales, Proceedings of the Amer-
  ican Mathematical Society 12, 788–792.

Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 2011, Supervisory guidance on model
  risk management, SR Letter 11-7.

Campbell, S.D., 2006, A review of backtesting and backtesting procedures, Journal of Risk
  9, 1–17.

Christoffersen, P., 1998, Evaluating interval forecasts, International Economic Review 39.

Colletaz, Gilbert, Christophe Hurlin, and Christophe Pérignon, 2013, The risk map: A new
  tool for validating risk models, Journal of Banking and Finance 37, 3843–3854.

Costanzino, N., and M. Curran, 2015, Backtesting general spectral risk measures with ap-
  plication to expected shortfall, The Journal of Risk Model Validation 9, 21–31.

Crnkovic, C., and J. Drachman, 1996, Quality control, Risk 9, 139–143.

Diebold, F.X., T.A. Gunther, and A.S. Tay, 1998, Evaluating density forecasts with appli-
  cations to financial risk management, International Economic Review 39, 863–883.

Diebold, F.X., and R.S. Mariano, 1995, Comparing predictive accuracy, Journal of Business
  & Economic Statistics 13, 253–265.

Du, Z., and J.C. Escanciano, 2017, Backtesting expected shortfall: accounting for tail risk,
 Management Science 63, 940–958.

Engle, R.F., and S. Manganelli, 2004, CAViaR: conditional autoregressive value at risk by
  regression quantiles, Journal of Business & Economic Statistics 22, 367–381.

Escanciano, J.C., and J. Olmo, 2010, Backtesting parametric value-at-risk with estimation
  risk, Journal of Business & Economic Statistics 28, 36–51.

Federal Register, 2012, Risk-based capital guidelines: Market risk.

Fissler, T., J.F. Ziegel, and T. Gneiting, 2016, Expected shortfall is jointly elicitable with
  value-at-risk: implications for backtesting, Risk 58–61.

Giacomini, R., and H. White, 2006, Tests of conditional predictive ability, Econometrica 74,
  1545–1578.

Gneiting, T., 2011, Making and evaluating point forecasts, Journal of the American Statis-
 tical Association 106, 746–762.

                                             40
Gneiting, T., F. Balabdaoui, and A.E. Raftery, 2007, Probabilistic forecasts, calibration and
 sharpness, Journal of the Royal Statistical Society, Series B 69, 243–268.

Gneiting, T., and R. Ranjan, 2011, Comparing density forecasts using threshold- and
 quantile-weighted scoring rules, Journal of Business & Economic Statistics 29, 411–422.

Hewitt, E., 1960, Integration by parts for Stieltjes integrals, The American Mathematical
  Monthly 67, 419–423.

Hull, J. C., and A. White, 1998, Incorporating volatility updating into the historical simu-
 lation method for Value-at-Risk, Journal of Risk 1, 5–19.

Hurlin, C., S. Laurent, R. Quaedvlieg, and S. Smeekes, 2017, Risk measure inference, Journal
 of Business & Economic Statistics 35, 499–512.

Kratz, M., Y.H. Lok, and A.J. McNeil, 2018, Multinomial VaR backtests: A simple implicit
  approach to backtesting expected shortfall, Journal of Banking and Finance 88, 393–407.

Kupiec, P. H., 1995, Techniques for verifying the accuracy of risk measurement models,
 Journal of Derivatives 3, 73–84.

Leccadito, Arturo, Simona Boffelli, and Giovanni Urga, 2014, Evaluating the accuracy of
  Value-at-Risk forecasts: New multilevel tests, International Journal of Forecasting 30,
  206–216.

Newey, W., and K. West, 1987, A simple, positive semi-definite, heteroskedasticity and
  autocorrelation consistent covariance matrix, Econometrica 55, 703–08.

Nolde, N., and J.F. Ziegel, 2017, Elicitability and backtesting: Perspectives for banking
  regulation, Annals of Applied Statistics 11, 1833–1874.

O’Brien, J., and P.J. Szerszen, 2017, An evaluation of bank measures for market risk before,
  during and after the financial crisis, Journal of Banking and Finance 80, 215–234.

Pérignon, C., Z.Y. Deng, and Z.J. Wang, 2008, Diversification and Value-at-Risk, Journal
  of Banking and Finance 32, 783–794.

Pérignon, C., and D. R. Smith, 2010, The level and quality of Value-at-Risk disclosure by
  commercial banks, Journal of Banking and Finance 34, 362–377.

Pérignon, C., and D.R. Smith, 2008, A new approach to comparing VaR estimation methods,
  Journal of Derivatives 16, 54–66.

Rosenblatt, M., 1952, Remarks on a multivariate transformation, Annals of Mathematical
  Statistics 23, 470–472.

Shaffer, J. P., 1995, Multiple hypothesis testing, Annual Review of Psychology 46, 561–584.




                                             41
                                                      supplementary material
                                                 Spectral backtests of forecast distributions
                                                   with application to risk management




arXiv:1708.01489v6 [q-fin.RM] 29 Jul 2019
                                                                               July 26, 2019


                                                                                  Abstract
                                                We extract material from a companion paper (in progress) which elaborates on
                                            certain results in our main paper. To avoid confusion with references to tables, figures
                                            and equations in the main paper, we prepend “S” when numbering tables, figures and
                                            equations contained in this supplement.
Supplement A:                    Truncated probitnormal score test
The probitnormal model yields a further new spectral test based on a classical score test of
θ = θ0 against the alternative θ ̸= θ0 . Let LP (θ | Pt∗ ) denote the likelihood contribution of
a truncated observation Pt∗ = α1 ∨ (Pt ∧ α2 ) when Pt follows (13) and write
                                                                                 ′
                                             ∂                   ∂
                        St (θ) =                            ∗
                                               ln LP (θ | Pt ),                 ∗
                                                                   ln LP (θ | Pt )                                     (S.1)
                                            ∂µ                  ∂σ
                                                      P
for the corresponding score vector. Let S n (θ0 ) = n1 nt=1 St (θ0 ) be the mean of the observed
score vectors under the null.
                                               √             d                 
    Standard likelihood theory implies that nS n (θ0 ) −−−→ N2 0, I(θ0 ) under the null,
                                                            n→∞
where I(θ) denotes the covariance matrix of St (θ), i.e., the Fisher information matrix. For
large n we have approximately that

                                       nS n (θ0 )′ I(θ0 )−1 S n (θ0 ) ∼ χ22 .                                          (S.2)

An analytical expression for I(θ0 ) is provided later in this appendix.
   Under a restriction on the kernel window we can show that the score test (S.2) is a
bispectral Z-test with kernel measures ν1 and ν2 given by sums of discrete and continuous
parts.

Theorem S.1. Let z0 be the unique solution to the equation

                                           z 2 + (ϕ(z)/Φ(z)) z − 1 = 0.                                                (S.3)

Provided Φ(z0 ) ⩽ α1 < α2 ⩽ 1, then St (θ0 ) = Wt − µW , almost surely, where
                                                                           Z α2
                    Wt,i = γi,1 1{Pt ⩾α1 } + γi,2 1{Pt ⩾α2 } +                    gi (u)1{Pt ⩾u} du                    (S.4)
                                                                             α1


for γi,1 ⩾ 0, γi,2 ⩾ 0 and gi (u) positive and differentiable on [α1 , α2 ].

Proof.
                                Y                             Y                              Y
           LP (θ | P ∗ ) =                 FP (α1 | θ)                     fP (Pt∗ | θ)                 F̄P (α2 | θ)   (S.5)
                             t : Pt∗ =α1                 t : α1 <Pt∗ <α2                  t : Pt∗ =α2


where F̄ (u) denotes the tail probability 1 − F (u). The likelihood contributions LP (θ | Pt∗ )
are given by the individual terms in (S.5) according to whether Pt∗ = α1 , α1 < Pt∗ < α2 or


                                                             1
Pt∗ = α2 . Computing the score statistic and evaluating it at θ0 = (0, 1)′ yields
              
              
               ψ (α ) Pt∗ = α1 ,                                                                          !
              
               1 1                                                          −ϕ(Φ−1 (u))/u
    St (θ0 ) = ψ∗ (Pt∗ ) α1 < Pt∗ < α2 ,          where ψ1 (u) =                                               ,
              
                                                                          −ϕ(Φ−1 (u))Φ−1 (u)/u
              
              ψ (α ) P ∗ = α .
                 2  2     t     2



                                      !                                                            !
                       Φ−1 (u)                                       ϕ(Φ−1 (u))/(1 − u)
        ψ∗ (u) =                           and ψ2 (u) =                                                .
                     Φ−1 (u)2 − 1                                 ϕ(Φ−1 (u))Φ−1 (u)/(1 − u)

The discontinuities at α1 and α2 are given by

             (γ1,1 , γ2,1 )′ = ψ∗ (α1 ) − ψ1 (α1 ),        (γ1,2 , γ2,2 )′ = ψ2 (α2 ) − ψ∗ (α2 )

and non-negativity of the γi,j in all cases is guaranteed provided ψ∗ (α1 ) − ψ1 (α1 ) ⩾ 0. The
second component of this vector inequality leads to condition (S.3). The weighting functions
can be obtained by differentiating ψ∗ (u) with respect to u on [α1 , α2 ] and are thus

                                1                                      2Φ−1 (u)
              g1 (u) =                1{α1 ⩽u⩽α2 } ,       g2 (u) =             1{α ⩽u⩽α2 } .
                         ϕ(Φ−1 (u))                                   ϕ(Φ−1 (u)) 1

Finally, since µW = Wt − St (θ0 ), we must have that µW = −ψ1 (α1 ).

    We find Φ(z0 ) ≈ 0.8, so the constraint on α1 is unlikely to bind in application to the range
of tail probability levels of practical interest. For α2 < 1 the Wt,i variables are bounded,
guaranteeing that the elements of I(θ0 ) are finite. For α2 = 1 the Gν functions for ν1 and
ν2 grow like Φ−1 (u) and Φ−1 (u)2 respectively. We can use the asymptotic approximation
           p
Φ−1 (u) ∼ −2 ln(1 − u) as u → 1 to verify that the condition of Proposition 3.2 is satisfied
in both cases.


Fisher information matrix
The following identities are useful for dealing with the probitnormal distribution:
                     Z α2
                              Φ−1 (u)du = ϕ(Φ−1 (α1 )) − ϕ(Φ−1 (α2 ))                                          (S.6)
                         α1
             Z α2
                                
                    Φ−1 (u)2 − 1 du = Φ−1 (α1 )ϕ(Φ−1 (α1 )) − Φ−1 (α2 )ϕ(Φ−1 (α2 )).                           (S.7)
              α1




                                                       2
Let ξ(p | θ) = (Φ−1 (p) − µ)/σ. The first derivatives of the log-likelihood of the truncated
probitnormal distribution are
                                                                       
                                                        
                                                            ϕ ξ(α1 |θ)
                                                        
                                                         −                    Pt∗ = α1 ,
                                                        
                                                           σΦ ξ(α1 |θ)
                                                                 
                               ∂                        ∗
                                 ln L(θ | Pt∗ ) = − ξ Pt |θ                     α1 < Pt∗ < α2 ,                       (S.8)
                              ∂µ                 
                                                      σ      
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                   ϕ ξ(α 2 |θ)
                                                                               Pt∗ = α2 ,
                                                          σΦ ξ(α2 |θ)


and                                                               
                                                     
                                                        ϕ ξ(α1 |θ) ξ(α1 |θ)
                                                                       
                                                     
                                                      −                            Pt∗ = α1 ,
                                                     
                                                          σΦ ξ(α1 |θ)
                                                               2
                             ∂                         ∗
                               ln L(θ | Pt∗ ) = − ξ Pt |θ +1                        α1 < Pt∗ < α2 ,                   (S.9)
                            ∂σ                 
                                                        σ
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                                ϕ ξ(α2 |θ) ξ(α2 |θ)
                                                                                   Pt∗ = α2 .
                                               
                                                           σΦ ξ(α2 |θ)

     Recall that the expected Fisher information matrix is defined as
                                                                                 
                                                               ∂2               ∗
                                       I(θ)ij = −E                   ln L(θ | Pt ) .
                                                             ∂θi ∂θj

The conditional second derivatives of the log-likelihood are
                                                                                        
                                       
                                        ϕ(ξ(α  |θ))  ϕ(ξ(α    |θ))+ξ(α   |θ)Φ(ξ(α   |θ))
                                       
                                       
                                              1              1          1          1
                                       
                                                        σ 2 Φ(ξ(α1 |θ))2
                                                                                              Pt∗ = α1 ,
               ∂2                      
          −       ln L(θ | Pt∗ ) = σ12                                                        α1 < Pt∗ < α2 ,        (S.10)
              ∂µ2                 
                                                                                    
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                   ϕ(ξ(α 2 |θ))   ϕ(ξ(α 2 |θ))−ξ(α 2 |θ)Φ(ξ(α 2 |θ))
                                                                                             Pt∗ = α2 ,
                                                          σ 2 Φ(ξ(α2 |θ))2

                                                                                                        
                              
                                                   2                      3
                                ϕ(ξ(α1 |θ)) ξ(α1 |θ) ϕ(ξ(α1 |θ))+ξ(α1 |θ) Φ(ξ(α1 |θ))−2ξ(α1 |θ)Φ(ξ(α1 |θ))
                              
                              
                              
                                                              σ 2 Φ(ξ(α1 |θ))2
                                                                                                                Pt∗ = α1 ,
     ∂2                       
                               ∗    2 −1
−        ln L(θ | Pt∗ ) = 3ξ(Ptσ|θ)
                                 2                                                                              α1 < Pt∗ < α2 ,
    ∂σ 2                 
                                                                                                     
                         
                         
                         
                          ϕ(ξ(α2 |θ)) ξ(α2 |θ)2 ϕ(ξ(α2 |θ))−ξ(α2 |θ)3 Φ(ξ(α2 |θ))+2ξ(α2 |θ)Φ(ξ(α2 |θ))
                                                                                                               Pt∗ = α2 ,
                                                                 σ 2 Φ(ξ(α2 |θ))2
                                                                                                                     (S.11)




                                                                3
                                                                                                      
                               
                                ϕ(ξ(α   |θ))  ϕ(ξ(α   |θ))ξ(α   |θ)−Φ(ξ(α    |θ))+ξ(α   |θ)2 Φ(ξ(α |θ))
                               
                               
                                       1             1         1            1          1           1
                               
                                                             σ 2 Φ(ξ(α1 |θ))2
                                                                                                            Pt∗ = α1 ,
     ∂ 2                       
                                ∗
−        ln L(θ | Pt∗ ) = 2ξ(Pσt2 |θ)                                                                       α1 < Pt∗ < α2 ,
    ∂µ∂σ                 
                                                                                              
                         
                         
                         
                          ϕ(ξ(α 2 |θ))  ϕ(ξ(α 2 |θ))ξ(α 2 |θ)+Φ(ξ(α 2 |θ))−ξ(α2 |θ)2 Φ(ξ(α |θ))
                                                                                           2
                                                                          Pt∗ = α2 .
                                                             σ 2 Φ(ξ(α2 |θ))2
                                                                                     (S.12)
By taking expectations using (S.6) and (S.7) and evaluating at θ0 = (0, 1)′ we obtain the
elements of I(θ0 ):

 I(θ0 )1,1 = ϕ(Φ−1 (α1 ))2 /α1 + ϕ(Φ−1 (α2 ))2 /(1 − α2 )
                                   + ϕ(Φ−1 (α1 ))Φ−1 (α1 ) − ϕ(Φ−1 (α2 ))Φ−1 (α2 ) + (α2 − α1 ), (S.13)



 I(θ0 )2,2 = ϕ(Φ−1 (α1 ))2 Φ−1 (α1 )2 /α1 + ϕ(Φ−1 (α1 ))Φ−1 (α1 )3
                        + ϕ(Φ−1 (α1 ))Φ−1 (α1 ) + ϕ(Φ−1 (α2 ))2 Φ−1 (α2 )2 /(1 − α2 )
                                − ϕ(Φ−1 (α2 ))Φ−1 (α2 )3 − ϕ(Φ−1 (α2 ))Φ−1 (α2 ) + 2(α2 − α1 ), (S.14)


                                                                                         
 I(θ0 )1,2 = ϕ(Φ−1 (α1 ))2 Φ−1 (α1 )/α1 + ϕ(Φ−1 (α1 )) 1 + Φ−1 (α1 )2
                                                                                             
                            + ϕ(Φ−1 (α2 ))2 Φ−1 (α2 )/(1 − α2 ) − ϕ(Φ−1 (α2 )) 1 + Φ−1 (α2 )2 . (S.15)


Supplement B:                      Moments for the beta kernel
We provide a general solution to the moments and cross-moments of the transformed PIT
values when the kernel densities take the form

                                                     (u − α1 )a−1 (α2 − u)b−1
                                       gν (u) =
                                                      (α2 − α1 )a+b−1 B(a, b)

for parameters (a > 0, b > 0) and α1 ⩽ u ⩽ α2 . The normalization guarantees that
Gν (α2 ) = 1, and helps align the solution with standard beta distribution functions provided
by statistical packages. In R notation, the kernel function is simply
                                                                                    
                                                    max{α1 , min{u, α2 }} − α1
                          Gν (u) = pbeta                                       , a, b .
                                                             α2 − α1

    Solving for moments and cross-moments of kernels (g1 (P ), g2 (P )) for uniform P involves



                                                              4
the following integral:
                             Z α2
  M (a1 , b1 , a2 , b2 ) =          (1 − u)g1 (u)G2 (u)du
                              α1
              B(a1 + a2 , 1 + b1 )
             =                         3 F2 (a2 , a1 + a2 , 1 − b2 ; 1 + a2 , 1 + a1 + a2 + b1 ; 1)
             a2 B(a1 , b1 )B(a2 , b2 )
        B(a1 + a2 , 1 + b1 + b2 )
      =                            3 F2 (1, a1 + a2 , a2 + b2 ; 1 + a2 , 1 + a1 + a2 + b1 + b2 ; 1) (S.16)
         a2 B(a1 , b1 )B(a2 , b2 )

where 3 F2 (c1 , c2 , c3 ; d1 , d2 ; 1) denotes a hypergeometric function of order (3, 2) and argument
unity. The final line follows from the Thomae transformation T7 in Milgram (2010, Appendix
A). Due to the normalization of the kernels, M does not depend on the choice of kernel
window.
     When its parameters are all positive, as in the final form in (S.16), numerical solution to
3 F2 (c1 , c2 , c3 ; d1 , d2 ; 1) is straightforward via the standard hypergeometric series expansion.

In practice, we are most often interested in integer-valued cases for which M has a simple
closed-form solution.
     For given kernel window and PIT value, let Wa,b be the transformed PIT value under
a beta kernel with parameters (a, b). A recurrence rule for the incomplete beta function
(Abramowitz and Stegun, 1965, eq. 6.6.7) leads to a linear relationship among “neighboring”
transformations:
                                           (a + b)Wa,b = aWa+1,b + bWa,b+1                       (S.17)

An immediate implication is that the uniform, linear increasing and linear decreasing trans-
formations (parameter sets (1,1), (2,1) and (1,2), respectively) are linearly dependent. Any
pair of these kernels would yield an equivalent bispectral test, and a trispectral test using
all three kernels would be undefined due to a singular covariance matrix ΣW . By iterating
the recurrence relationship, we can derive linear relationships among sets of kernels with
integer-valued parameter differences ai − aℓ and bi − bℓ , which would lead to redundancies
among the corresponding j-spectral tests.


Supplement C:                         Monte Carlo simulations
To compare unconditional tests we generate pseudo PIT values by first sampling from stan-
dard normal and scaled Student t5 and t3 distributions, which represent the true model. We
then transform the values to the interval (0, 1) using the standard normal cdf which is taken
to be the risk manager’s model. The Student distributions are scaled to have variance one so
differences stem from different tail shapes rather than different variances. The PIT samples

                                                        5
arising from normal are uniformly distributed and are used to evaluate the size of the tests.
The PIT samples arising from the Student t distributions show the kind of departures from
uniformity that are observed when tails are poorly estimated.
    The majority of the kernel and test abbreviations are explained in Section 4.3 of the main
paper. Additional mnemonics used in this Supplement are

5-level multinomial tests: we apply the Pearson test (PE5) and the Z-test with discrete
     uniform kernel (ZU5) in addition to the 3-level tests used in the main paper.

Discrete LR-tests: the binomial LR-test (LR1) and the 3-level multinomial LR-test (LR3).

Continuous LR-test: the LR-test described in Section 4.2 of the main paper which may
    be viewed as an extension of the test of Berkowitz (LRB).

The baseline sample size is n = 750, which corresponds approximately to the three-year
samples of bank data in the main paper. In all simulation experiments number of replications
is 216 = 65,536.

                      window F | kernel        BIN     ZU3    ZU5     PE3    PE5
                      narrow     Normal         6.1     4.9    4.6     5.3     5.9
                                 Scaled t5     33.9    35.0   34.0    40.3    33.5
                                 Scaled t3     24.0    24.8   24.1    43.4    33.5
                      wide       Normal         6.1     5.0    4.8     5.1     5.6
                                 Scaled t5     33.9    10.7   11.5    55.5    46.3
                                 Scaled t3     24.0    13.5   11.0    90.6    81.1

Table S.1: Estimated size and power of unconditional discrete Z-tests.
We report the percentage of rejections of the null hypothesis at the 5% confidence level based on 65,536
replications. The number of days in each backtest sample is n = 750. The narrow window is [0.985, 0.995]
and the wide window is [0.95, 0.995].


    Table S.1 provides a comparison of the 5-level discrete Z-tests (ZU5 and PE5) with their
3-level counterparts (ZU3 and PE3) and the binomial score test (BIN). For the discrete
uniform kernel, the 5-level test is similar in size and power to the 3-level test. For the
Pearson kernel, however, the 5-level test is notably less powerful than the 3-level test, and
is slightly oversized. On this evidence, there appears to be no advantage in choosing 5-level
tests over 3-level tests.
    Table S.2 demonstrates that the conclusions drawn from Table 2 in the main paper are
robust to the choice of backtest sample size n. As one would expect, power typically increases
with n. For both scaled t distributions and both kernel windows, we find that the ordering


                                                   6
 window F                 n | kernel BIN        ZU3        PE3   ZU     ZA     ZE     ZL+     ZL−     ZLL PNS
 narrow      Normal    250               4.1     4.2        5.0 3.9 3.9 3.9            4.1     3.7     5.3      5.1
                       500               3.9     4.6        5.4 4.6 4.6 4.5            4.6     4.6     4.7      4.7
                       750               6.1     4.9        5.3 4.7 4.7 4.7            4.6     4.8     4.8      4.9
             Scaled t5 250              17.4    19.6       18.0 18.5 18.9 18.0        22.0    14.6    20.9     22.5
                       500              22.1    27.1       30.9 26.5 26.9 25.7        31.5    21.6    30.2     33.6
                       750              33.9    35.0       40.3 33.8 34.4 33.0        40.3    27.1    40.0     44.7
             Scaled t3 250              13.4    15.3       17.5 14.3 14.7 13.8        19.2     9.7    20.8     22.9
                       500              15.9    20.2       31.8 19.6 20.1 18.7        26.4    14.0    31.0     36.7
                       750              24.0    24.8       43.4 23.9 24.3 23.3        32.7    16.5    43.3     50.5
 wide        Normal    250               4.1     4.4        5.2 4.8     4.8 4.8        4.7     4.8     4.8      5.1
                       500               3.9     4.7        5.1 4.9     4.9 4.8        4.7     4.9     4.8      5.0
                       750               6.1     5.0        5.1 4.9     4.9 4.9        4.9     4.9     5.0      5.0
             Scaled t5 250              17.4     8.1       23.0 5.9     6.3 5.7        8.9     4.9    17.2     24.4
                       500              22.1     9.7       40.3 6.3     6.5 6.0       10.6     5.4    31.3     41.6
                       750              33.9    10.7       55.5 6.4     6.6 6.1       11.9     5.8    45.1     57.5
             Scaled t3 250              13.4     9.1       36.1 7.7     9.1 6.8        6.3    10.9    30.2     42.7
                       500              15.9    11.3       70.9 12.8   14.8 11.1       6.8    21.5    64.9     77.4
                       750              24.0    13.5       90.6 17.7   20.4 15.4       7.4    31.9    85.8     93.1

Table S.2: Effect of backtest sample size on size and power of unconditional Z-tests. We report the
percentage of rejections of the null hypothesis at the 5% confidence level based on 65,536 replications. The
narrow window is [0.985, 0.995] and the wide window is [0.95, 0.995].




                                                       7
              window F | test          BIN    LR1        ZU3    PE3    LR3    PNS    LRB
              narrow      Normal        6.1    4.1        4.9    5.3    8.2    4.9    5.5
                          Scaled t5    33.9   24.0       35.0   40.3   34.3   44.7   37.6
                          Scaled t3    24.0   16.1       24.8   43.4   46.5   50.5   49.2
              wide        Normal        6.1    4.1        5.0    5.1    6.1    5.0    5.1
                          Scaled t5    33.9   24.0       10.7   55.5   52.2   57.5   57.7
                          Scaled t3    24.0   16.1       13.5   90.6   92.7   93.1   95.0

Table S.3: Comparison of LR-tests and Z-tests in size and power.
We report the percentage of rejections of the null hypothesis at the 5% confidence level based on 65,536
replications. The number of days in each backtest sample is n = 750. The narrow window is [0.985, 0.995]
and the wide window is [0.95, 0.995].


across kernels in power is little changed. Most importantly, the five properties summarized
in Section 4.3 hold regardless of n.
    Table S.3 compares LR-tests with Z-tests. The binomial LR-test (LR1) is less powerful
than the binomial score test; the former is slightly oversized while the latter is a touch
undersized. The 3-level LR-test (LR3) is compared against a 3-level monospectral test
(ZU3) and a trispectral Pearson test (PE3). The LR-test is similar to the Pearson test
in power (and mostly more powerful than the ZU3 test), but the LR-test is oversized. The
generalized Berkowitz test (LRB) performs slightly less well than the truncated probitnormal
score test (PNS) for the narrow window and very slightly better for the wider window.
Results of a similar exercise with smaller backtest samples (n = 250) are qualitatively similar
(untabulated). We conclude that the Z-tests are preferred to their LR-test counterparts,
particularly when size is a paramount concern.
    The next two experiments relate to conditional Z-tests; the CVT choices are defined in
Table 3 in the main paper. Note that when CVT takes the value None, the test is an uncon-
ditional test. Table S.4 estimates the size of the tests when samples are uniformly distributed
and serially independent. The same messages emerge as in the excerpt in Section 5.2: when
the CVT is DQ or V.BIN the tests are quite badly oversized, particularly for the former;
choosing V.4 or V.1⁄2 as CVT substantially mitigates (but does not eliminate) oversizing.
    Table S.5 is an examination of power for the same kernels and CVT functions. The aim
of the underlying simulation is to produce pseudo PIT values that are (i) serially dependent
with a dependence structure that is typical when stochastic volatility in the data is ignored
and (ii) possibly non-uniform with the same distributions used for the unconditional tests.
    The data generating process is designed to mimic the behavior of volatile financial return
series, such as daily log-returns on a stock index. Suppose we have empirical return data
X1 , . . . , Xn and we form a version of the empirical cdf bounded away from 0 and 1 by taking


                                                     8
                window CVT | kernel           BIN        ZU    ZL+      ZL−    ZLL     PNS
                narrow      None                6.2 4.8         4.6      4.9    4.9     5.0
                            DQ                 13.3 14.4       16.0     11.5   11.8    10.4
                            V.BIN               8.0 9.0        10.4      8.4    8.5     8.9
                            V.4                 6.8 6.7         7.2      6.4    6.6     6.4
                            V.1⁄2               6.7 6.7         7.0      6.4    6.6     6.4
                wide        None                6.2 4.9         5.0      4.9    4.9     4.9
                            DQ                 13.3 8.5         9.2      8.3    8.3     7.7
                            V.BIN               8.0 7.3         8.1      7.0    6.9     6.7
                            V.4                 6.8 5.3         5.6      5.2    5.3     5.4
                            V.1⁄2               6.7 5.5         5.7      5.3    5.5     5.6

Table S.4: Estimated size of tests of conditional coverage.
We report the percentage of rejections of the null hypothesis at the 5% confidence level based on 65,536
replications. The number of days in each backtest sample is n = 750. ARMA parameters are AR = 0.95,
MA = -0.85. The narrow window is [0.985, 0.995] and the wide window is [0.95, 0.995].

                      P
Fbn (x) = (n + 1)−1 nt=1 1{Xt ⩽x} and then construct data U bt = Fbn (Xt ). The transformed re-
turns (Ubt ) are close to uniformly distributed and show negligible serial correlation. However,
under the v-shaped transformation V (u) = |2u − 1|, we obtain data (V (U      bt )) which remain
approximately uniformly distributed but show strong serial correlation. Let T denote the
transformation T (u) = Φ−1 (V (u)). If we fit Gaussian ARMA models to the transformed
data (T (U bt )) we find that an ARMA(1,1) process often fits well and typical values for the
AR and MA parameters are around 0.95 and -0.85.
     We want to generate losses (Lt ) with marginal distribution F in Table S.5 such that,
if Ut = F (Lt ), the process (T (Ut )) is exactly a Gaussian ARMA(1,1) process with AR
parameter 0.95, MA parameter -0.85, mean zero and variance one. Let (Zt ) be such a
Gaussian ARMA process and let (Dt ) be a series of iid Bernoulli variables with mean 0.5.
We apply the following series of transformations to construct (Lt ):

                 Ũt = Φ(Zt ),   Ut = 21 (1 + Ũt )Dt (1 − Ũt )(1−Dt ) ,   Lt = F −1 (Ut ).       (S.18)

The first transformation induces uniformity; the second can be thought of as a method of
stochastically inverting V (u) = |2u−1| while preserving uniformity; the third transformation
gives losses with df F . As for the unconditional tests, pseudo PIT values are obtained by
the transformation Pt = Φ(Lt ).
    In Table S.5 we observe that there is generally a very large increase in power when we
move from the unconditional tests (CVT = None) to the conditional tests. This is evident
even when the distribution of the simulated data is uniform (F = Normal). The most


                                                     9
          window F                CVT | kernel      BIN     ZU     ZL+    ZL−     ZLL    PNS
          narrow     Normal       None              12.1   10.8    10.0   11.2     9.1     9.5
                                  DQ                30.0   31.5    32.0   29.4    29.1    28.1
                                  V.BIN             28.1   30.9    31.8   30.2    29.5    30.5
                                  V.4               30.3   32.6    30.7   33.6    32.3    33.4
                                  V.1⁄2             19.3   21.7    19.9   22.5    22.0    23.2
                     Scaled t5    None              36.0   36.2    40.9   31.4    41.2    45.1
                                  DQ                47.4   54.9    59.7   46.1    53.4    53.4
                                  V.BIN             48.4   52.7    56.8   49.5    54.7    56.4
                                  V.4               56.4   60.7    63.1   57.2    61.1    62.0
                                  V.1⁄2             49.6   54.5    57.3   50.5    55.6    56.8
                     Scaled t3    None              28.1   28.3    35.0   22.2    44.1    50.7
                                  DQ                42.2   50.4    56.1   39.7    53.3    54.3
                                  V.BIN             42.5   47.3    53.5   42.6    53.3    55.6
                                  V.4               50.1   54.8    58.9   49.7    58.8    60.4
                                  V.1⁄2             44.1   49.5    54.1   43.7    54.2    56.2
          wide       Normal       None              12.1   17.8    15.9   18.3    14.6    15.4
                                  DQ                30.0   31.1    30.1   31.6    30.4    30.3
                                  V.BIN             28.1   36.0    34.5   36.2    34.6    34.9
                                  V.4               30.3   52.1    46.4   54.1    51.2    53.8
                                  V.1⁄2             19.3   44.9    36.9   48.0    44.7    48.6
                     Scaled t5    None              36.0   19.5    22.3   19.2    52.9    63.9
                                  DQ                47.4   35.4    38.9   31.5    49.8    57.9
                                  V.BIN             48.4   41.0    45.3   37.7    55.1    62.6
                                  V.4               56.4   55.2    56.7   52.8    67.2    74.1
                                  V.1⁄2             49.6   51.1    51.4   49.2    65.7    73.5
                     Scaled t3    None              28.1   28.4    18.5   39.3    87.6    93.9
                                  DQ                42.2   32.8    32.6   34.2    71.1    82.1
                                  V.BIN             42.5   38.8    38.7   40.1    75.3    85.2
                                  V.4               50.1   50.7    48.4   52.7    82.5    90.2
                                  V.1⁄2             44.1   48.1    43.4   51.2    83.6    91.1

Table S.5: Estimated power of tests of conditional coverage when DGP is based on an ARMA(1,1) model.
We report the percentage of rejections of the null hypothesis at the 5% confidence level based on 65,536
replications. The number of days in each backtest sample is n = 750. ARMA parameters are AR = 0.95,
MA = -0.85. The narrow window is [0.985, 0.995] and the wide window is [0.95, 0.995].




                                                   10
powerful tests are bispectral tests applied to the wider window using the CVT functions V.4
and V.1⁄2.


References
Abramowitz, M., and I. A. Stegun, eds., 1965, Handbook of Mathematical Functions (Dover
 Publications, New York).

Milgram, Michael S., 2010, On hypergeometric 3F2(1) - a review, Working Paper 1011.4546,
 arXiv.




                                            11
